Anyone reading comments before watching.  I used to scrolling while watching  i always do
"Money doesn't change people, it reveals them"?
Im not through the movie yet but that girl is suspect...
Entertaining
Ooooh
I love downloading n watchin' movies in here.
Not a big one to talk much about
I read a book that was kind of like this it was called stolen girl
Mind blowing movie I have ever had seen
Shye. was really a true friend ?.
"Money doesn't change people. It reveals them".... best lesson ever.
bitcoin - only important thing being said
In the end i got a chance to start over
It's killing me the fact that they didn't show him seeing his mom again. That's just cruel man
I just watched the whole movie during work hour was. Great cuz time passed by
amazing movieeee.. liked it
Ain’t going to lie 
Anyone here to improve their english
i recommend yoy to watch it best hacking movie. with real Life examples..
No words to express the feeling I had wen I watched...fire man 
Worth to watch
basically he was stealing thing's i mean crime but wt a fun if get caught quickly will turn into hell
We love you Sye  You came back even when it wasn't your fault nd alex needed to apologise . 
Ps- ALWAYS REMEMBER 
Love is trash
Bitches need cash .
Always watch who you sell your soul too.
"URGHH WE SHOULD BE CELEBRATING!"
"Celebrating what? Failure?"
"ITS MY BIRTHDAY"
Great movie
I recommend using this if you need netflix premium:

#NAME?

its so great that it exists in 2020...
Amazing Movieeee
Got some lession from this movie
Great twist towards the end
1:01:50 soooooo hong kong lmao he wants to see his lawyer
wow this is great it  gave me a feeling that i never had in my life an life can be a puzzle in some case an drag u into some bonded shit wow i love this
Sye is nice.. ?? May I know what's the title of this one?
Well that's the thing which i was looking for 
Loved it?
I've  seen a ton of movies in my day and a ton that are CRAP.. This was a GEM all the way
Loved it.  I wish I see him rich.
That is actually not a bad watch ??
all i can say is wow!!
they should of called this theif.
It's really a great movie?guys must watch this movie and this movie taught me that don't  always get greedy for money. BE HONEST
This is so epic... (in a good way)
The moment the girl came along it was trouble. The 2 were doing great.
I wanted to watch this only for half hour 
But this movie made me watched whole till it gets completed.
The.only thing I wanted to tell is that worth watching
So because of her...his best friend died and everything was supposed to be okay
I love the movie. The story line is great
Actually I need a best friend like shye
Wow
"Drug addict make a mistake while, Drug dealer commit the crime""?
I've seen this back in 2017 and I'm back again
No word !!! Just amazing ??? I love it .....
Very good movie.
Good watch. I just feel bad about Sye. Wish his death was just a setup too and that he's still alive in the end.
Hacking is good when it's for a good purpose
this is really a good one ...
Really an amazing movie 
I never comment after seeing movie 
But this time i should say that this was osmmm guyss
That UNCLE is making me nervous!
Wow
Letting know this to anyone finding somethin to watch.. this is one of my classic movies I've been watchin it over and over..
Seen this a few times. Great movie. Very inspirational and a good storyline.
Awesome ?
Just kids i would have opened an offshore account.
Nice movie
I suspected that from the jump ? good movie
I'll also trying to open dark web.... Lolx??
Such a great film?
THAT was an awesome ass movie!
THANKS for that!
I'll be subscribing to your channel.. In hopes you upload more full ( great) movies like THIS!??
I was ready to get mad but in the end....
Interesting. Im 23 minutes in and it hasnt dulled even once. It is well made 
Make an app
Ifeel i just want to start a new life after seeing this.  From now on i will stop using our neighbor's wifi? lmao
Amazing. ? . Just Amazing ?
suddenly he remembered his mommy after he got arrested and thrown inside a Thai prison and without going to the judicial court..???
Thanks for sharing
To live life truthfully
Exactly movie is fab man.
Damn that was so good 
Anyone else think he was too quick to forgive that bih
I need Shye as my Friend!
ILike this movie. Thank You for uploading ?
7:07 Dark Souls 2 lol
Seriously
 the movie!
Read no further... MOVIE is a Gem. Couldn't stop watching kept me up till 2.30am.
amazing movie... a science fiction movie nice ending...miss u shye ?
Shye define what the true friendship.... ??
For anyone looking for a legit review
Better then most free full utube movies.
Thanks for free movie ? i love it there is a lesson 
I little bit scared hahahaha
Great movie
Wonderful??
just wow Amazing :) ilove it
Excellent movie All Around worth the watch
Enjoyed it ?
Definitely a movie worth watching! Kept my interest!
After reading the comments . I am watching
Thank u for the movie!
Was seriously good!
this was a good movie but for some reason i just knew the girl was working with the police
Cool movie. Pretty cool ending. Thanks for uploading.
Good movie
Worth watching. ?
EXCELENT MOVIE !!! ? for youtube movie
wow! amzing movie
He's look a little bit like hunter Hayes ?
Yea gud one. Safe to watch with my mom.
I love this movie even tho i watched this in 2019 nearly 2020 i loved it so much I would love a 2nd part of this movie.
Wow what a movie just loved it
Wow
Cerita sumpah best 
I watched this movie at the end of 2019 that mean last night of 2019. GOOD BYE 2019
It's an amazing film  . The film has a good moral . I think everyone and  specially  the adults should watch this movie  . This film is not only about the story and the downfall of  a hacker  . The story has a deep inner meaning  . To know it you have to watch the movie with great  interest  . But that's very true — the story can automatically captures   one's mind  . I love it  ?
Close to Bonnie & Clyde in a different time line
wonderful movie with a nice msg
haven't watch it yet
Wawww great moviee ...I just love it ?
Good movie
Saw it b4
One among the best science fiction movies??
Man This Was A Good Movie!!!
What about Sye?!!
Yeah
All of this was all about the  "Uncle" who uses kira to get closer to alex and lure Z out and get arrested.

I feel bad for SYE thoo he fucked up by using the black card etc. 
Awesomo! The movie is great
GREAT MOVIE BUT GREAT NOT FOR THOSE WHO ARE NOT INTERESTED IN SUCH MOVIES
Well done ?
Their phone's tho
Nyc movie
Awesome movie... cheers for that...
Good show ! Up there with the other criminal shows like Scarface 
Worth watching
Thank y'all for telling me about the movies
This is a seriously good movie and it's free. Thanks for the upload!
I celebrate my Christmas watching this amazing movie ?
I feel so sorry for SYE 
No words to say just amazing...
Wasted 1:47:34 hour my life on this boredo movie.
There's a great lesson in this movie! ??
Solid film. Time well spent!
how about sye?
Its just woowwww
Thanks !! 
wait
Good movie
So interesting...
The movie was great ?
I m not understand in English
Nice Movie
i'm new frnd

need same response from you 

Thank
If only Kira's truth revealed earlier, so that will be a good plot twist... it changes from "save Kira" to "save Alex"
Alain wear!!! Hand over it now!!!!
Hahahahhahq it's just a movie
Best movie.. must watch.
So what happened to all the money he had?
Just watch…...!
hands up!! more movies pls
sai i d man he is more in business for long time
Bravo!
Best movie I've seen in a while! 5??????????
I love this movie.
It's really good move.
Best movie i seen in a while.  Good job
100% best movie ever!
I'm I the only one who MISS SEY......  
<3  
Good story man!
Nice movie to watch. 
I feel sorry for Shyie (friend of Alex) 
So Kira I found you. ? something wasn't going right haw
HACKER part 2 downloading ..........50% 
This was a get movie!!!
I like this story this about thue love.anything happen u still love her
This is an amazing movie!!!
After watching james burn here i am keep skipping another movie ?
Amazing movie...i loved it??
No word!.
Good movie. Worth a watch.
this movie was so fye
Great Flick...
Awesome!
i love this movie. thanks
Great movie!! TY
what a great movie...
I wanted yo see him hug his parents....
Great role model.
it would be very wonderful if he shot or do something to the girl too the end.....
Finally a movie u can watch with ur family
Very interesting....luvly movie
Tom Holland 2
Best movie to watch. I enjoyed it... Alex.. Sye and Kira love u guyz 
wow. Amazing ?
I did not regret watching this.
Beautiful movie to watch
Excellent movie!!!
Woooow this movie is lit
Great movie!  Worth watching twice....!
Wow this is nice movie..!better than ever..!love her and love him
I thought that the police is sending robots to attack them ._.
And they will stop the robot with obviously hacking._.
After I watched this movie Love your work dont money ?
! just tell the movie isn’t good or bad!?
A slow start
worth it real one
This is a nice movie
With all that cash and they never invested?
I think it is interesting they use service industry people to get the bankers info.
I am 18 minutes in
movie is awesome but what about phsy 
Watching this movie in the new year eve 2020
Help me to COMPLETE my mission ??.....Just do it...u know what u have to do
worth watching!
Best movie ive seen on youtube ?
Excellent
Hacker in the house
Omg im so sad shye is dead ?????
And now I want to explore DARKWEB’???
1:34:30 randy orton??
such an awesome story ??
3 star movie
Such a good movie. Never bored me. So many twists and turns.
5 star.
Not too bad. It felt like it was rushed towards the end but still worth watching.
best movie 2k19
This movie is Lit ??
My Uncle Help me...?
Good flick. ?
Sad.They wasted every cent on crap.
Woawwwww so interest to watch
EXCELLENT MOVIE.
We want more movies like this man please ...so dope movie
i didnt expect this watch to be awesome?
??
Simplicity is the way to go
Could have been a great movie but the end is a big let down. IMHO.
Watching
amazing
Love this movie
Like karo 100 sall jiyo
those who have liked the movie plzz watch the 37 episode series anime deathnote
Damn
What a movie mindblowing
A movie  to watch!..
Wonderful movie
This is the real definition of a movie
Deep??
the girl is a spy to hunt down zedd
This movie is worth my time n anyones time out there. Interesting...
Bryce is that you? I FLIPPED
amazing movie
How can you buy a phone from a street vendor for just 600 Bhats (Thai currency)?
This movie is the bomb
It is a good movie. No click bait. Rely cool!!!
the best movie..
27/1/2020
Omg im so sad shye is dead 
Beautiful??
In this movie really excellent contents....and the aftermath of hacker is  very well because of now he is been a honest....
Superb movie.....my first English movie???
money does not change you. it reveals who you are. Z
Worth watching !
awesome movie super ending
Actually  hack everything on me not my mind and heart
what is a movie name bro
End was like a crap
Remake from  who am i
I must say what an Amazing movie
Yes I liked it
Love it
Fantastic movie
dis the life i always want  fast n long enough to enjoy world not slow n long loved sai
yes
this movie taught me a leson to not do illegal thingsa nd stay with your loved ones i wonder what happend after they went i fell kida bad
?
I'll download this?
PERFECT MOVIE I EVER WATCHED ON TODAY'S CHANGING LIFESTYLE BE PATIENCE & LIVE NORMAL LIFE

Nice!
Good movie with lots of twists and turns.
Nice movie...loved it?
Sci Fi?
Its a nice movie 
Great.... I love this movie 
4th time watching it...
Good movie but I just don't  know why in the hell he gave that lady at the computer store that card instead of giving her cash
Some of the smartest wealthy started out as poor. No Money makes you come up with brilliant ideas 
Really good movie
What a end really ?
Great movie! Anyone in youtube looking for a movie worth watching
His mom is hot
Algum brasileiro aqui também?
while watching movie ...i was thinking about ...doing carrier in hacking
Why keep that cash
Please upload more English movies
Excellent movie. We can get a lesson in this. "Money can reveals who you are".
That little boy in the intro died not the kid featured in the movie
this movie is a big example of lifes reality.you make your life to hell to heaven or Heven to hell
This really was Gucci Mayne transformation?
i was done at the cat fight at the DVD player truck sale 50:00
my favourite movie ??
It's a good movie
Where are the other movies
This movie actually has a meaning full ending! One of the best movies I’ve seen in awhile!
Huh.lol.good movie.
Worth watching!!!!!

Super bro 
Ivacy vpn keeps you secure and safe online.  Get safe in $0.99/month.
I loved it
I like this ?
Watch it

my first comments to any movie ever guys most recommended best then any bull*****t out there
How greed can put u through the misery.... lost frd..  lost life...  Well a good lesson.
3rd time watching this
Wow nice 
Great movie
Great movie
hmm.... hacker

Good movie
Thanks for adding this on youtube ! Love it !
lesson learn ?
Love it
nice movie (Hakker)
Wow what a nice story
Nice
sye didn't say that he love alex more than friends. ?
I real like this movie great story??
recommend
01:18:00 AM
Hey 
It
Was
Awesome
This is a beautiful movie?
Thé end beautiful 
I already knew and watched this movie .. It is a true to life  story of a hacker " D A R K W E B " ..
Great Movie
Tank you for sharing this great movie
Mantap
Great movie 10/10
Amazing movie ??
1:38:29 this movie should end here. That girl twist was dumb.
Rajkumari is mad after watching this movie
Wow
If I became a hacker and never went to college
What was the kiras real name its untold yet man damn what a movie no waste of time liked
I want this kind of movies arghh
It is glorifying crime.

I like it.
awsome
great movie
HAHA
IS THERE ANY TELUGU VERSION AVAILABLE
great movie
so
I am a hacker....
What the F  2years of imprisonment?
Superb?
Superb?
Great Movie
nice movie to watch there is a moral lesson to learn
Good.
Xoss 
This movie is good
The best movie I ever watched
The Movie was kind of weird but i got attached to the characters so i kinda enjoyed it. Overall Well done!
Good one
So nice my God.
Probably the best Canadian film I have seen.  Thank you for posting.
Love the twist ?
Do NOT sub!
My heart broke when i saw sye was died.
Is the dark web real ? and those it still operate  ?
This movie is straight 
all nice.enjoy
Only 4 minutes in. And I say this. It Rocks.  The tempo is good.  The ideology good. Waiting to see how the story plays out.
The only thing that i hated in this movie was its predictability...rest everything is too good
As a conservative movie critic (after watching this movie)  I give this movie a 7.3 out of 10.
It is one of the best movie I have watched in my life
Good movie? worth to watch?
A good movie but can make a BETTER ENDING TO IT.....
Greed is evil.
I love this.... all time
If you're planning to watch this movie. Go for it and you will not regret it!
Can I get this movie in Hindi ....?
What is the name of movi bro.
good movie...
It's not easy to enter in dark web.. They are showing it too much easy.. But movie is good
Amazing movie
Very nice movie!! ?
One think never believe girl....
Awesome movie... I honestly didn't skip even a second... Now i have lots of mosquito bites...
Ganda ng hacker
Is this movie supposed to be inspirational? Glorifying the lifestyle of criminals and fraudsters? I haven’t seen movies about someone really doing great things in the world - it appears that only vices are glorified in cinema.
Thank you for this kind of movie.
Nice movie ?
Poor parent
i was a hacker once and i also got jailed for it eventually 
Best movie
i liked this movie
why did Alex's eyes look like sleepy all the time since meeting with Kira?
this movie is kinda similar to Mr.Robot
Judulnya apa
Sye  is a way better talker than Alex....he always looks so nervous
black HO's are the real hackers.
I bet her uncle is Zed ?
Just finished watching this .....and I must say it is a good movie ... I enjoyed it...wasn't expecting it to end that way...but it turned out good....to bad life doesn't work like that...there isn't happy endings most of the time....
Great someday i want to be like them hahahahaha
This movie is so amazing?
Brainless hacker..they gonna track u down!!
2 years imprisonment I'm almost cry ??
girl always gna f ur life dnt ditch ur best frend
Who calls from a pay phone
naha maraneh teh?

This movie is produced by the person of Kazakhstan. His name is Akan Satay. At the end of film can you see name of the corporation SATAIFILM .
Is this movie based on real incidents?

awesome movie
Hindi me upload karo
decent movie good whatch
From Ph. Nice movie
https://lookmovieonline.com/
O.k film
Best movie
good movie..... from Bangladesh
Im become hacker someday 
Watching 2k19

Thanks
movies name
Now this is what we call is a sci fi movie
Who did kill his friend
So good
10:27:00 PM
Bg lng t hn d n rvil ust ng@ scret n....
I Love Canada so much. More than any country in the world though am not a Canadian but I relly want to be...
Many years ago I discovered alcohol and drug abuse now I watch this

Not sc-fi
Post a new movie...y everyone post same video.... disgusting!!!
Awesome movie
Well I wish I get involved in asuch thing and make all this cash ?
LOTSA SPOILERS IN THE COMMENTS GUYS
THIS MOVIE IS AMAZING ??. Worth watching
Actually just hate kira so much
What is the movie name
4nn
Good job
I am from India??. I love this movie.
yar ya urdu mah h kia
ess ka name to btana
Awesome movie..
Actually took me 3 days to watch tho
I cried so bad
So cool
?
Wao wt a movie
 it
let us save money. connect
10
Omgggg why didn’t he go to school 
nice movie worth watching it
Awesome awesome
Liked it.. Loved it.. Worth a watch.
It seems to me a little hard to believe that an organization anyone whatsoever, legal or illegal, would spend so much money around just one "genius" guy... 
Still remains an enhancing breathtaking movie
Ending is good . But i was supposed expicting more awesome ending . Like they both getting married and lived a happy life . Then there was a happy ending . Lmao
I love hacker
Dark Web AKA: The Gob'ment. Simple
awsome
All about fraud not as easy as on the movies once you used my credit card sms will get through right now in phone..


Nice movie
Yeah i like it
alex is a cutie
i rhink it is good
Nice movie .... ?
Name of the movie
I would subtitle this one "Mission Impossible Lite". No stunts, vapid plot, but entertaining. After "Terminator Dark Fart" and the Disney fiascos, it stacks up, but the bar has never been lower. Entertaining movie. The locations were beautiful, but one does wish the protagonist would have jumped out of a helicopter at least.
Coment kon kon pdh k dekhta h movie
Who killed sye
Gotta hate when the captions don't match what they say!
Good movie
Bhai Geetha govidanm kb aye gii
Good movie !
I have 1 question PLS SOMEONE ASNWER IT BEFORE I WATCH THIS
Is this movie scary or is it just a normal movie???
PLS ANSWER IF IT'S SCARY I'M NOT GOING TO WATCH IT BC I WILL GET NIGHTMARES
So Sye got killed bcos of Uncle's plan?
at 37. 53 min. he says 
Can someone tell me how to open darkweb?
I watched it 
Very nice movie
Good movie
Good movie
bhosadi ke  he
Good movie
good movie
i like this movie
Ss
good movie
Movie name
He Just cant GET enough of MONEY... If i were him.. Just quit that job and go home with family
Darkweb is no joke
49:55 Alex proved he is a kid and immature too
It for the losers.what do you think they are.work hard and live honest life.the move sucks.dont watch it.
I highly recommend this one
*
Movie name please
I need money also
Have watched this before and will again
good movie I like it
Good
Nice movie 
Not bad !
Good
Why the writer made him spent years in jail

Not cool
Bad acting
I NEED 2 PART OF THIS MOVIE
Recommended

I really Enjoyed this Movie...
Fantastic?
Definitely wasn't lying about this movie. Superb Movie!!! Watch nd u'll c.??
it's amazing. but i fell sad though.
it's worth watching
its a nice movie. lessons of life
must watch
If you know me
Black website is gone? Oh no ! That's not good. And than I checked myself
why was that guys face so wrinkly
Really... this is my favorite movie... whatever I respect this hacker
how can i download this movie.i tried many ways but impossible to download
Superb movie
Nice movie
Zed mad ugly he looks like a zombie 
Bad ass movie seen before I'm seeing it again.
Nice movie
Indian passport
Anyone from sri lanka??
r.i.p sye
So dayumn guwd
Not a bad movie for youtube.
Hello friends
Super movie
Nevere trust women never
Nice movie
Thai was a really good movie.  Callan McAuliffe (Alden) now on the Walking Dead did a super job in this movie.  Very much worth the watch.
Nice movie i liked it
What a movie.
Totally knew she was working with cops. To get to Z. Note she never slept with him. That doest fly. That's why he met her. And it's where movies breakdown. A movie is 2 hours they were together years. He would have figured
Why did his bestfriend need to die. 
This was the best movie ive seen in a while i knew kira had some shit going. It was going too sweet
Nice
whats wrong with alex? he was too dumb to trust that girl.
at 56:47 Indian Passport...
This is my favourite movie
This movie thought us a lesson....never believe girls
Really worth it to watch and it's not a waste of time ?
Vikash kumar
ZOiDBerg didn't like this movie.
Right. 2 years he was going crazy in a Thai prison and he could just drive away like that? Such stupidity. He would have been a basket.
Thats not HACKER is Whoami
The bestfriend men ??
Anyone here that can create a website haha let's make some money
Corney.
Ending is boring
Compelling movie. 6/10. It became obvious that she was not who she seemed to be from the intro.  But
i am the same way as these guy was...
Very nice movie
Nice movie
This is teaching us bad things and bad habit. This is saytans movie.
This movie is painful to watch...how are these "bright people" so stupid? Is this part of the story or a standard misconception amongst all over night successful criminals? whatever it is ...it's very predictable and boring, why even watch something so dull is there noone out there that rise's above their childish emotions and "new rich status"? Failure is so lame.
Fake bolshet
very nice
Who are the hackers in America.? EVERYONE in some way or other
Guuuuuud
Its a good movie
Great movie ...... 10 .... its not sci fi but is really great...
Superb movie
Dont steal from a thief
I literally think this is the best Canadian made movie ever. Literally.
Dont like it. Waste my time. So predictable. 
And i hate her
Waste
Movie is best but hindi version 
.
.
.
In a nutshell don't trust girls
The comments are not lying
Stupid movie.
Bhai movie 
Dhekhane wale
Like kare ????????
This movie is powerful
O  oh my God
Tribals ko isi tarha India me lanchhit kiya jaata hai Education me.

Babasaheb ki wajese aur Indian Constitution ke wajese hum Tribals ko age barne ka mouka hai
love it... don't understand the language but I felt it
Saal ka last day Alvida 2019
Best Movie Ever Yaar What A Movie
Kadar sir u r the great love u
I saw this movie already in 2006 now 2nd watching today
Subtitle indonesia
I am fain
Meera bhaai is my everything
Sunil shetty  ...fans..hit..like....??
Outstanding movie
I love my brothers. Thanks
I love you my brother more than my life.
God bless you brother.
And keep you safe forever.
Thank you
YouTube ma only one Film ?? Nice
2019
Nais movi
Sunil shetty is an amazing actor. He used to be one of my favourite action star back in the 90s
Ham bai bai kabe be alge na raha like bai.
1:23:09 why didn't he burn him!?? why he burried him....
Miss You Sunil sir.... ???
Don't why bollywood stop making these type of films we pakistani love's these type of movies so much emotions
03:54:00 AM
I love my daughter angel  as Sunil loves his daughter(sahil naseer hajini writer poet)
Kadar....Baba..love. you
Is film mein Jaisi acting Sunil Shetty Ne ki hai koi nahin kar sakta bahut Khatarnak acting ki hai 1. 20 minute ke baad to himmat nahi padti dekhne ki film
3,12,2019
Nice movie yaar
Sayyad, Owaisi
2019
hotslut.ru 
04:03:00 AM
01:32:00 AM
Flem ya seruu tpi tek indondia ya gk ada
?????
??? ?????? ??? ???? ?????? ??
??omg
Sun eel sutty is mile se u the the
Super film
I love brother
Anna super .action and emotional seens
I love you sunil sir kon kon sunil ji se pyar krte ha like kre
Grand films 1997 de sunil shetty top top top
Love you....Bhai??????
08/02/20
2019 mein kaun kaun Sun Raha Hai
I love this movie
Who watching in June 2019..
If this movie release in this time.. it must going 2/3 hundred billion..
Good luck with that one girl who is going njdd hii good friend
Jo apne bhaiko dilse pyar karte ho like kare
Beautiful movie thank you so much
What a movie !
Ek like to banta hai ?
Super move Sunil setty safe brother
Why no subtitles.i really love Indiaan movies but there is no way to love something that u can't understand
hotslut.ru 
04:03:00 AM
Come back Sunil shethy ??
Baji
hotslut.ru 
03:13:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
04:37:00 AM
Mdamirail
I love suniel shetty action all time
Kon kon dekh raha h isko 2019 me please like kar do yar ???????????????
miss my brother lost him few month ago????
Superb..
hotslut.ru 
01:45:00 AM
1997 - Movie released
1997 - My Birthday
I appreciate every film maker 
From Afghanistan
01:26:00 AM
Nice move
BALWAAN BA
thanks
hotslut.ru 
01:43:00 AM
I miss you sunil bro
hotslut.ru 
03:45:00 AM
???? ?????
Filinkii iigu horreeyay ee hindiya aan daawaday Caruurnimadii 2000 -illaa 2001
Qui regarde en 2020 comme moi?
hotslut.ru 
01:24:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
04:44:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
01:01:00 AM
Yes
572
690478
12:39:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
05:19:00 AM
Geetuy
Nice ? ?
I miss you 
Sunil setty
Please 
Bhai 2 waiting. ......
2020
hotslut.ru 
01:06:00 AM
Hello
GOOD
it love my brother
hotslut.ru 
12:12:00 AM
04:39:00 AM
LOVe
Supr hit moocs phle ka or ab la moog to smch me the data he
Bhai the scene ever ever bhai
hotslut.ru 
04:57:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
01:23:00 AM
Bhai the scena ever ever bhai
Best sunil shethy
Sunil shetty is best movie
https://youtu.be/vnqocCf5lB8
hotslut.ru 
03:58:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
01:17:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
02:41:00 AM
Ghgeu
Gopal
hello
A1
Sunil - the iron man...
Sahu
hotslut.ru 
01:49:00 AM
Ghatak cinema
pehle v zulm hota tha..
avi v zulm hota hai..
waqt badal gaya..
zulmi wohi reh gaya..
Super hit movie. At box office
Good family movie
Mo irshad
Dhaervmeer
Supap veido
Nice film to Sunil Shetty
These Movies R Very Nice
Sunil Shetty is the best fan
90ts movie hits
what a fantastic movie ... very nice ... ??
Mohammed ansarulla
ye movie kon kaun 2019 me dekh raha hai please like kare
https://youtu.be/biDKkn9ERQU
12:26:00 AM
i am karan
???????? aku sedihhh bgttttt.....????
Nice film
Haiii
who
Nice movice
2019 till now
hotslut.ru 
01:50:00 AM
2020  ma kon  kon  dek ra ha g 
best movie
Please come to back  sunil setti
V
BSP
May hero
Sabniy
beautiful movie
Bachpan Mein Yeh movie dekhi thi Aur Aaj Fir Dekhi bahut hi badiya film hai Wahan lodiya Degi ke6666
4 on vul from kmkon kl
2020
????????????????????????????????
Hi
super hit movie h sunil shetty uncle ji
Antonio di Silva high school?????
hotslut.ru 
01:02:00 AM
hotslut.ru 
02:55:00 AM
Hello
Yaar mera toh Anson ata hai ??.
Garib kaise mahabat kare amiro se.
Love u bhai.....
      Nice movie Sunil shetty ???
Tiger so good
Vry nyc movie luv u sunil shetty
I miss you
his movie is possibly one of the most disturbing "kids" films ever made.
This movie actually traumatised me as a kid, anyone else?
I am blown away by how incredible the makeup effects are,  probably better then the shitty CGI we have today
me taking off my makeup
Beauty Guru community getting exposed for their real personalities
Boy, Angelica Huston sure make a beautiful witch (before she took off her disguise of course).
Their Scalp makes me uncomfortable
Anne Hathaway has officially been cast as the Grand High Witch in an upcoming remake. Good luck bettering Angelicas flawless performance Anne.
I can’t believe my 4th grade teacher let us watch this
Fun fact: If you look closely, a lot of the witches in the crowd are actually men.
They don't make good movie's like this anymore!!  80s and 90s movie were way better.. Like Willow, Never Ending Story,Legend Star Wars and many more.. Today you get weak remakes.
"Rated PG"
HAH! 
It's so funny the way she talks lol. "I ask you!"
I read the book as a child and never knew there was a movie wtf
Me taking my fake personalities off
This scene was disgusting
2:10 - 2:36 what Karen says at the McDonald’s drive thru
When I watched this at the age of 4 years, I was afraid of entering any hotel. Well, we went to Disneyland and because I was so terrified about witches, we didn't booked a hotel room. We took a bungalow 3 miles away. I was happy about that. My parents not. 
Damn. This movie just turned 30 years old today
She and Lord Voldermort would be butting heads ovetr supremacy
And the moral of the story is, never trust a milf.
2:42 me when somebody is talking behind my back??
To be fair, the one who spoke out was technically right. I mean, the only way to accomplish this plan in the long term would be to do some mass castrating.
This movie traumatized me as a kid. I used to inspect and watch closely all my moms friends whenever they came over. I thought they were all witches.
Child is no longer a child.
Child.......IS A MOUSE!
"Who spoke?..."
auditorium so quiet you can hear a pin drop
Roald Dahl and Angelica Houston: a match made in heaven! Loved this book as a kid!
When I fist watched this film, I learned that never ever mess with Anjelica Huston
This was a very scary scene for a kid...Ahh memories. Sometimes I miss my childhood
This looks like a scene missing from Harry Potter.
this movie & this scene in particular traumatized me as a child.
Dat lady writng the lines down must be d most sincere witch
Me watching this in 2019 and seeing mr bean omg
I watched this as a kid and found it hilariously funny. It was also amazing how Mr. Bean was the Hotel Manager...
Anne Hathaway is going to have a hard time topping this in the remake. Anjelica Huston was simply superb as the Grand High Witch.
The, "Inaudible" is "Rub out!"
Also love how Angelica's dress is suddenly 2 sizes bigger when she's the withered husk. LOL!
When I watched this as a kid I used to hardly go out of the house and when I actually had to go out I watched everyone’s eyes for months
mom: isnt my baby so cute
baby: 1:08
I have vague memories of watching this as a kid. Guess I supressed the memory.
I’m scared to breath....I feel like the air from the video is going to make me turn into a witch
0:37 I’ve always wondered how that makeup effect was achieved (when it appears as if Angelica Houston is peeling her face off) ?
3:30 Mr.Bean
This makes me gag when I drink my milk
this was the most terrifying movie of my childhood
3:39 I couldn’t stand her as a child.
Just when I thought my brain already forgotten this movie until YouTube recommendation wanted to traumatized  me again.
my childhood was never the same after this film.
Oh man I loved this movie when I was little ?
Angelica Houston is the only Actress that can play the grand high witch
3:31 Mr Bean cameo
Why do their teeth get all shitty when they take the wigs and shoes off? ?
3:31 mr bean
Is it me or when they took of the wigs you it started smelling weird is it just me?!?
Anjelica Huston was effortlessly fabulous in this role. She stepped up to that stage like Maria Callas, total diva!
03:32:00 AM
Roman Atkinson? ?
3:31 Mr. Bean!!
It’s funny how most of the women in the crowd were actually men
Ughh this makes me uncomfortable GEEE !
she looks like a female version of Mr.Burns 
Basically this movie is like Men In Black except without aliens it's demons and no black suits.
The transformation from t h i c c to X T R A   T H I C C
This movie would have been funnier if it was the hot girl and the old asian guy
left 4 dead 2 Boomer
See the whole movie in 10 clips. What an movie... Thx to movie clips- i saved my money for cinema or netflix...
he sorta looks like the blob from x men
1:12-1:15
When cocaine gets legalized
Who said being fat means you're not fit?
Not this guy
Jeez,can he take down a whole squad
this is  the real Story of the boomer
I couldnt stop staring at that belly when I was watching that movie
He looks like the Great Goblin from The Hobbit
1:11 SNORTS COCAINE
FAT GUY ON THE RUN! I REPEAT FAT GUY ON THE RUN!
Damn Buzz From home alone really let himself go...
How did he survive that car?
What did I just watch?
The transformation from human to CGI XD
I look at him
I look at myself in the mirror
and I am glad I am not that fat
1:43 HOW IS HE FASTER THEN ME!!!
2:17 very interesting sight there XD
He looks like the Gluttony demon of the seven deadly sins.
how can a freaking fatass run for that long without getting tired or puking
Ya know what that fat mutant reminds me off...
The Boomer off left 4 dead
y'know, I just can't help but think about how this movie is similar to panty and stocking. I mean, you have two main characters who are angels (well in this movie they're technically angels in a sense), they are assigned on missions by God (the ripd here), they hunt down ghosts (deados), and have cool weapons! I mean all of this in a good way. ripd is an awesome movie
0:41 bruh
WOW he is THICCCCCCCCCCCC
Me: sees fat demon BOOMER!!!!!!!!
Also he's pretty athletic for a fat boi
1:54 Did fatso just flip them off?
this is hulk uncle
did they steal this from a deleted scene from the movie Shrek?
01:27:00 AM
Mr.hyde reference from van Helsing
If anyone’s wondering what’s the song from the chase scene with fat Elvis it is 
( the hive-try it again )
When McDonald’s delivers
I remember my dad had this movie when i was a toddler and i went into the living room to go to the kitchen to get some water and i saw 1:35 came up and it scared the hella out of me
1:26??
hey bommer from left for dead xd
1:26  when you mom brings you McDonald's ???
0:27 fatty on the move
That's Buzz McAllister from Home Alone.
Me: wut is that 0-0
My friend: looks like a man baby
When you quit your job and months later your shapes changes like 1:21
This clip brings a whole new meaning to the term "chubby Chasers"
When someone eats McDonald’s
gee...Can't understand why this movie bombed.
1:18 "Account successfully created. Welcome to Reddit!"
1:36: THE CASE!
1:32 I’m fall cgi let’s do this ahahhahqhqhqhaha
R.I.P.D is literally budget M.I.B.
Literally will never get why they didn’t just shoot him while he was changing ?????
This raises a lot of questions.
"I am the globgolabolab"
...oohhhh! Now I remember this movie! This was my favorite part!?
01:30:00 AM
"Let's do this"
Man, that made me pee in my underwear
2:26 someone explain this physics to me right now
When I saw this scene, I knew the rest of the movie was going to hurt.
Add this to the list of underatted movies
The asian dude and the hot girl appear literally out of nowhere.
I miss Marisa Miller, the best body in swimsuit modelling.
1:22 l4d boomers 
Its good if you fast forward it to the end!
this has to be the slowest movie i have ever seen. Its almost like its intentional!
exactly when does the ''thriller'' portion of the movie kick in?
I feel like I am watching somebody's handi-cam vacation footage......
Really... thriller movie!!!!!! OMG
So....the bad guys just up and disappeared? Is that where the title came from?
Slow and stupid movie. A waste of time.
It should be awarded for the worest movie of all time
This film has a good first half and a crap conclusion. Joe is a wimp. Divorce him Jane!
I actually really enjoy slow build ups to horror and thrillers like this. The scenes in the car of there obviously failing relashionship we're very realistic in my view. No words can really speak volumes and I find this kind of build up my style and wish more thrillers Wernt action action action. This is a very low budget film which is obvious. But this is how they work on there craft. I was really enjoying untill they got out of the water with the 2 guys. That should of been a highlight .i thought they could of made it be something like a guy she had shagged. Or a guy he had once bullied absolutely anything but nothing!! Ha.and when they just got dressed and just sat there?? What not going to grab a bat a knife !! Silly Pros but the end very very bad
What the heck was that????? I don't understand anything in this movie
Ending sucked big time, I can't believe I wasted that much time for nothing.
51 minutes in and it's just too awful to go any further. 
After seeing a camera for the seventh time I gave up on this !
the guy behind ...sorry for this thiller ..haha 34:33
The beginning there is too much TALKING and not ENOUGH action....
Its getting too boring now.
Was that a camera man at 30.16?! lol....
i don't know about the wirters as of now, but the actors are darn good, maybe the movie will get to the thriller soon. i hope there is a happy ending. i see that the husband is really hurting inside and the wife is too.
Crappy movie. I thought it was a love story the first half. Then it turned into a bootleg Wrong turn movie....Wackkkkkk
at 30:34 crouching man behind Joe.lol
This is the most nothingess movie I have seen so far !  A total waste.
Not a bad effort for a low/no budget independent film,  apart from the editing mistakes and lack of real story...the scenery was beautiful , atmospheric lake setting . I woild have liked this more if there was an interesting story and a better done end. ...but it had its moments. 
Ron, get me some coffee before I rip your  arm off!
?
Skipped most of it.......
Saw the ending.....I missed nothing. The advertisements were more captivating.
simple basic thriller
What a waste of time, I think this is the slowest most boring movie I've seen. And what the hell was it about, I only watched to 25.00 bc I couldn't stand anymore. it's nothingness personified.
well, that was pretty unsatisfactory
Did you see the guy hiding in lower left at 34:33?
Was the female lead in this movie a lead character in 6 feet under?
ok 36.33 mins in only thing I can see is bad camera angles keep your people out of the shot the lady has nice buns though.
wish they made all movies with this camera guy I would not spend so much time in front of the TV this is no thriller its more of a comedy with this guy running the camera
I agree. whoever made this film needs encouragement not ridicule. hopefully the director will make more films. I loved the scenery very beautiful. I'm from England and we don't get peaceful places like that! well done enjoyed the film
boooring
stupid movie
I LO V E D I T!!! I loved how the circumstances gave this couple another chance. Lots of technical mishaps but the cinematography is beautiful and the acting very very good. Fell for Kit Pongetti! All your films are great : ) thank you so much
Worst.movie.ever.
The movie is too slow for me. I kept thinking Joe is bipolar or special needs. I kept falling asleep until the 41 minute mark. I enjoyed the movie afte that 41:38 ?
OMG! 30:17, the camera guy is in the shot, on the right side! That's just about the worst editing fail I've seen yet.
Oops... 34:33 There's a guy scurrying around behind the actors, screen left ! Maybe he's after the 2-way radio left on the  porch rail a little earlier.
A full thriller movie.
i dont know about movie,but who idiot call this playlist "full porn movie5" is he okay.
This movies sucked big time very boring no purpose no meaning dnt watch it 
Boring
WTF I could the mic on the side of the picture 35:58min just before they jumped in the water and also someone was there while they were talking .. What a dumb as movie
they are still in the car driving and nothing is happening when more than 10 min are finished of the movie....................10.55 they go out lol............very annoying people. They go back in the car little after 13 min and keep on driving and almost nothing is said.   Ssooooooooooo slow!! They call this a thriller???
Sad when two people that once loved one another, get to this point....why even bother to go on a trip together and make each other feel so uncomfortable...
For 20 minutes nothing happenz
this movie was so boring i felt asleep the first fifteen minutes what kind of thriller movie is this. 
NA
I have no words for this movie Great story awesome 
11/7/2019 July ??
So much love for TK(innocent boy)
Wonderful sensible silent movie. Which can force you to think what else in love. Why....
i dont get it properly....i mean the end is confusing..
but a great movie must to watch
It really seems like it was a nice film. however, 10 minutes into watching  it, it didn't offer any English subtitles, and regretfully, i had to stop watching it.
wonderful movie
UPLOAD THE BLURAY 720
Oh God !! It's in Hindi !!! NOOOOOO !!!
Excellent movie
hey
10 years being in this franchise & you wait after she's dead to give her a movie
Tony: did she have any family
Steve: yeah us
so this is what happened to hopper when the Russians got him.
everyone: they finally give black widow a movie after she's dead
me: florence pugh
Me: Mom, can we have Captain America?
Mom: No, we have Captain America at home.
This is the most trailery music I've ever heard in a trailer.
"What brings you home?"
I seriously love that Russian Accent!
Since hulk wished for her to be alive, Imagine at the end of the movie, there is a post credit scene where they show black widow's body in volmir, then she opens her eyes and then the credits roll. Kind of like Avatar.
Who thinks that this movie is going to be better than captain marvel?
Nobody:
Absolutely no one in this world:
When a dead Avenger has a movie but you don't
Hawkeye: Cries in the corner
I used to hate my life when all the kids beat me up in the early 90s for being a "nerd" because I carried my Marvel comics and trading cards to school. But this last decade of Marvel and MCU has finally brought me redemption.  Thank you, Marvel. Thank you.
It's good to see that Hopper is using his time wisely with the Russians
Previously on Avengers Endgame: 
Black Widow sacrifices her life for the soul stone.
Tony: Do we know if she had any family?
Steve: Yeah. Us.?
It’s sad that Barton is the only Avenger without his own movie.
Marvel: this is a prequel 
Marvel Fans: So she survived!
After the credits roll: “Natasha Romanoff will not return.”
We need a Black Widow origins movie, not an after Avengers movie.
In reference to the trailer. I love that Natasha & Yelena's tactics are so symmetrical at first. They both emerge from corners guns aimed at each other, each tries to disarm the other with the same hand technique and kick technique. It's cool.
Florence Pugh is conquering Hollywood and everyone is acting like nothing is happening.
If they pull a "Black Widow won't return" at the end of the credits, I'll scream
We waited so long for this film and they wouldn't give. NOW SHE'S DEAD AND THEY--
They're finally giving her a movie now that she's dead.
Audience: I'll cry if they say Black Widow won't return in the end credits. 
Stan Lee: These mf spittin....
"was she wearing a parachute?" Rumlow "No, no she wasn't"
I just wanna know the story behind Budapest.
She needs no shield,no armour 
She just needs a single gun to overthrow anyone and rain down hell upon them
That's why she is da best
Scarlett Johansson's voice is so mesmerising
1:21 The important thing in every marvel movies is "Superhero landing" scene. Lol
I CANNOT WAIT FOR THIS!! Florence and Scarlett working togther is like heaven! Role Models!!!
Wonder woman and black widow has the best trailer music like literally
That white suit looks sick
Bruh I love scarlet but I’m excited to see Florence Pugh act this badass character
2020 : Black Widow + Wonder Woman
Lucky us
Spoiler: Black Widow doesn’t die in this movie.
Such a queen, I already know this movie is gonna break a box office record
Scarlet Johansson is the queen at being black Widow
The music sounds a bit like prowlers theme from Spider-Man into the spider-verse
I wonder, how Scarlett Johansson turned from comedy to action perfectly. The nanny diaries to black widow, such a great versatile actress. Lots of love from India
Audience: So finally you got a movie for yourself
Black widow: Yes
Audience: what did it cost
Black widow: My life
12:58:00 AM
Every christmas-family-reunion, right?
Scarlett Johansson, David Harbour, and Florence Pugh in the same movie. This looks like a must watch ?
Whose here after watching the stranger things 4 trailer
The music... gives me CHILLS
I Hope they will set the line at the end of the movie "BLACK WIDOW WILL RETURN IN AVENGERS INFINITY WAR"
Between Scarlett and Florence having the sexiest voices in film, my ears are gonna be in heaven watching this.
To all the newbies that are just starting to watch the Marvel Cinematic Universe Movies now are lucky because they dont have to wait for a Black Widow movie like we did.
Any one after black widow Final Trailer
“We Have Unfinished Business.”
“We Have To Go Back
To Where It All Started.”
when a dead avenger has a movie but you dont
hawkeye: cries in the corner
End game: She dead. 
Black Widow: I'm alive!!!
Red Skull when see Black Widow and Clint is fight in vormir
Red Skull : Guys, Marvel say who's gonna jump gonna get a solo movie
Black Widow movie release date: May 1, 2020
Black Widow movie cast: Scarlett Johansson, Rachel Weisz, Florence Pugh, David Harbour, Ray Winstone, O.T. Fagbenle
Black Widow movie director: Cate Shortland
Everyone get ready for “top ten things you missed in black widow trailer” lol
Music has me pumped! Marvel's sexiest female character! DC's being WW!
Only took marvel + years for a standalone woman film after so many male movies.
Family... back together again.. "fast an furious present" "letty and mia"
Spoiler Alert!!!!!
In The Opening Credits To Post Credits Ending Of Black Widow Movie Captain America Returning the Soul Stone in Vormir and Suddenly Dr. Strange Use the Time Reverse to Bring Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow Back to Life 
2019 Marvel: Kills Black Widow 
2020 Marvel: Some people move on, but not us...
I like the trailer music so much.
Spoilers:
There will be Punisher in there.
came from the final trailer? ??
I thought she never knew her Father's name.
2019: Bye Nat.... ?
2020: Hi Nat.... ??
Who's here after the final trailer ?
Post credits scene better show something good for the future of the marvel..
Idk why but florence pugh got me beliving shes russian for 5 seconds lol ??
me: mom, can we go and see black widow soon?
mom: no
When a dead Avenger has a movie but you don’t
Hawkeye: cries in a corner
This is better than captain marvel ??
Not enough people are talking about the music!
To say the least,this one's gonna be dark and intense
Finally all original avengers have there own movies
Hawkeye:Am I a joke to you?
Everyone gangsta till you see hopper in a marvel movie.
Would have loved to see her and Hawkeye before The Avengers, but no, can't have a male Avenger diminishing her limelight. So we get some other chicks we never heard of before, though Rachel Weisz is always a plus, and some guy played for laughs, of course.
Doesn't look very good, except for scenes Black Widow is in. Those should be fine.
No matter how many times I re-watch this, the music ALWAYS gives me major goosebumps.
I have been waiting 10 years for this movie
Scarlett Johansson: i don't need the young version of me
Black widow : Yes
marvel: drops the trailer at midnight so no one watches it
asia and europe: hold my time zone
“Pew pew pew pew”. If you don’t get that, I’m hurt.
I'll just see you nerds at the movie... ?
Looks freak'n MARVEL STUDIOS beautiful.
I hope this one doesn't get delayed.
Well if that story is black widow's origin i want a scene where Winter Soldier shot her, a callback for Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Black Widow in Endgame: “I have no family to go back to.”
Red Guardian: “Family, back together again.”
1:30 This guy?
Remembers what happened to Hopper in Stranger Things
'Teaser'? 2 mins long...
*Favorite part- “I know your out there.. I know you know I’m out here, so we gonna talk like grown ups?” “Is that what we are?”
I really want an end credit scene where they honoured her and react to how how she died.
Natasha: Dies
Marvel: I'mma bout to continue this woman's whole career.
Edit: Guy's please chill out, this comment is a joke. I'm aware it is a prequel, I'm just making a funny comment that most people are seeming to understand. Please lighten up and have a laugh??
Can’t wait to see this movie!!!!!
I hope a cameo of cap.....
Literally dying to see him
Oh my god ....the music is intense!!!!
"TEASER" the video is like 2 minutes long!
Usually when its a teaser its barely longer then 30 seconds
* 6 hours later *
“10 things you missed from Black Widow trailer "
“I’m done running from my past.”
Oh my god.... This is absolutly amazing
This background music after 0:34 is so dope ??
TAKE MY MONEY NOW!!!!
Me: So this is a prequel, right?
Marvel: Yesn’t
0:51 me and my twin fighting:
Marvel: Let's release this while everyone's asleep...
Everyone else: “On your left"...
Captain Marvel: lives
Black Widow: dies
Capitalism has once again defeated Communism
Florence Pugh has a bright future in Hollywood, I watched her in The Falling and Lady Macbeth and she's an amazing actress and she's versatile.fresh from an outstanding performance in Little Women and now in an action-packed Black Widow with ScarJo.
I can't tell you how much I want to see Steve at the end of this movie
1:44 when hopper from stranger things is alive
To everyone who’s complaining about a movie after her death: She only dies in 2023 so she’s not dead yet
I'm looking forward to it
Not lying my teacher is friends with her..... ik I took it hard to believe to ?
0:39 this scene have A LOT of Jason Bourne vibes (2 ex special trained soldiers that know each other fighting hand to hand in an european apartment)
This is gonna be amazing movie
Going to be epic!
A Strong female lead we actually love, because she loves to be a female, and she's very good at it
I HAVE A THEORY about this film!!
Srry if been guessed or already suggested honestly havent seen it anywhere but i think the Black Widow in this is the one who died in Endgame.
Rachel Weisz and Scarlett Johansson make an intersting pair.......
Whenever I watch this, it always gives me goosebumps
She doesn't always die, but when she does, she doesn't
I only say one thing : BUDAPEST
Maybe I’ll invite Raven-Symoné over to see that new Marvel Studios film “Black Widow”!!  ?????????
Filming has officially finished!!!!!!!
"Did you finally get your own movie?"
"Yes"
"What did it cost?"
"Me"
I'm so excited to see the public reaction in theatre after they see RDJ, one last time.
"Didnt she die?"
At least after watching this movie we should get to know what the hell happened in Budapest.
Black Widow die
Marvel: It's rewind time!!
Black Widow: nothing lasts forever
Doctor Strange: dormammu I've come to bargain
"I've lived alot of lives...one time I was a Japanese cyborg"
It's so cooooooool!!!!! I'm looking forward to seeing this greatness
I used to have nothing...then I kept on getting nothing ?
This music reminds me of the prowler theme from spiderverse
They better show Barton and what happened in Budapest.
Definitely excited for Florence Pugh ??
she come back because she sad that iwait for this moment when she died for soul stone
YouTube commenters: I'm going to post an obvious conversation comment like 90% of the other commenters. 
ME: UGH! Enough already!
Taskmaster needs to stay
“Agent Romanoff, you miss me?”
is Hawkeye going to be in the movie
Move over Brie Larson, MCU's real female superhero is here
Whenever I see the black widow, my dark knight rises
These Hollywood chicks can't take a real punch to the face , they go home crying
Why does this give me the same feeling of Winter Soldier?
ill just watch this movie because of Red guardian’s epicness.
Cap: What's your superpower?
Black Widow: Kicking.
I feel like David Harbour is going to be my favorite part of this
Scarlett Johansson when she was 24 years old: she played in Iron Man 2 
When I'm 24 years old: I'm sitting at home and reading comments 
I think I need to change something in my life.
1:27, I really hope that’s either taskmaster or Hawkeye
Words can't describe how much I love that sound
I was hoping to see what happened in Budapest but in the cast there wasn't Jeremy Renner (Hawkeye), but interesting thing is that there was Robert Downey Jr. Check for yourself.
... and the job she got, working at a magazine!
And where’s the part where she dates Ultron??!!??!!
I just want a rated R version of this where she can kill people John Wick style.
Black Widow was always my favourite avenger! ??
Can’t wait to see her wrap her legs around guys and spin/throw them to the ground
TOO LATE!  She’s dead.
“I’m done running from my past.”
Said every superhero and/or main protagonist ever at some point.
"Do we even know if she had a family?"
"Yeah us"
Spoiler:
I love the scoring in this so much
Cant Wait Black Widow
Can't wait to watch this awesome movie
“See you in a minute.”
Wow!! amazing trailer of 'Black Widow'. I feel very happy when these kind of actresses do action in movies and it feels very proud.
Why this is more look futuristic than the avengers movie
Ah so her sister is going to be the new Black Widow. 
Cool.
"This film is not yet rated PG 13"
Red guardian: looks fat in the suit.
Thor: finally a worthy opponent, our battle will be legendary
Bgm : We are gods - Audiomachine
Thank me later
When Natasha didn’t came back at the end of the movie I literally scream at the cinema :(
Can't wait to see that Rey Mysterio spin kick every 5 minutes
Florence Pugh can literally choke me like ugh please
“Was she wearing a parachute?”
“No”
Endgame got nothing on this 
This reminds me of Street Fighter's Shadaloo Dolls.
Why is this on my recommendations when I already watched it 1 thousand times?
Me see this trailer
Also me Stranger things fan
Also also me see David Harbour
Also also also  me show this to my friend that is Stranger things fan and say
Russian: imprisons Hopper
Hopper: uno reverse card
Avenger 5: John Wick vs Black Widow
In love with the bgm??
Nat: "You could not live with my own sacrifice. Where did that bring you? Back to me."
"What? I've never called you sis before? ...You're right, it IS weirdly clunky and expositional. I mean, I know your my sister, so who am I saying it for? Wierd..."
Captain America: I can do this all day.
Captain Communist: WE can do this all day.
Would we see her first with her Russian accent or just American.
Spoiler alert!: hawkeye is taskmaster
This background music has amazing resemblance with the Chernobyl's............. (Kind of same background score ....but on steroids).
Marvel should try a movie with captain citrus he's basically their version of green lantern.
Jim Hopper 2019: Hates Russians
Jim Hopper 2020: Is Russian
My God, Florence is such an incredible actress
I love the triumphant badass music that starts playing at 1:46, its so badass!
Aaaaaagh. I'm so excited! XD
Since it takes place after civil war but before infinity war, we'll finally find out why she went blonde!
Nobody:
Screen rant: Why black widow's white suit is the soul stone.
Spoiler alert before movie launch: Iron Man gonna play in the movie :))
I love Florence but I do not love Florence's accent. I thought they would have learned from Elizabeth Olsen's accent. The pronunciation is just not good.
Mothers be like:
Endgame: Eat a salad
Black Widow: You got fat
here again
 after watching final trailer.
People: You Finally got a movie!
Black Widow: Thanks, it only cost my life
It's New BeinGinG Of DeCaDes My FienDs, HaPPy ChrisTmaS&A HaPPy NeW.
i can't wait to watch this movie.
Everyone in the comment section: Hopper, Endgame twist, etc...
Me: Taskmaster!!!
why do i feel like this is after endgame because of her hairstyle lol
Captain America’s sworn enemy: Captain communism.
anyone gonna talk about the soundtrack?
Black widow dies
Marvel “it’s rewind time”
I hope they explain what happens in Budapest
“Was she wearing a parachute?”
“No. No she was not.”
She Is Very Gorgeous ????????????????????
Black Widow: Nothing lasts forever.
Hawkeye: HELL YEAH
Nobody:
Screen rant: Why Natasha is actually not dead
I’m so happy Florence in here i love her so much ?
I looked it up, this movie takes place before infinity war and after civil war. But by the looks of her hair I thought it would take place between infinity war and endgame
DOES ANYONE THINK THAT TASK MASTER COULD BE HAWKEYE?
Me: Sees Black Widow and gets hyped
Also me: Realizes that she is dead and becomes sad
40M de visitas!!!!!!??????
Taskmaster is one of my favorite villains!!
So all this time marvel lied to us that she didn't have a family before
1:27 its ghost with sparrow from COD
?Bring me the writer of end game?
Instead of Thanos for killing Iron Man ?
Anyone from Final Trailer??...I know u r smiling now!
Sheesh, hopefully the ending had a surprise that’s good!
“Did she wear a parachute?”
“No, no she didn’t.”
This was way overdue
Scarlett Johansson is amazing ?? I'm glad she never dies
Oh! How I wish they included her bestfriend Silver Sablinova also in this movie.
Ahh my girl finally has her own movie. Shes one of the coolest characters in the MCU in my opinion
Charlie’s Angels 2019:
“Men don't see women do action movies”
Marvel: 
I have a theory
Black widow survived endgame and this movie shows how
(Pls don’t be mean to me it’s my opinion)
MARVEL o quarteto Fantástico e os X- men Vão se ajultar com os Vingadores?
i think black widow on iron man 2 has more younger looks!! 
i thought marvel would do some some tricks on her solo.. just like tony stark flash back on his teenage
All I can say is another badass music theme !!!! Goddamn
For those who still don’t know, this is right after Civil War going into Infinity War.
Black Widdow ? hmm, where is this spider and do I get to kill it lmao ???
When she says: Nothing lasts forever 
Omfg!! Omfg!! Omfg!!! 
First off: Is that freaking Hopper!!!!
Second: OMFG!!!! Finally the trailer of Black Window's movie!!!!!
1:27 hawkeye style
Me: It's 3 am, time for bed
Marvel: Nope
12:33:00 AM
Goosebumps
0:50 anyone spotted that guitar hero drum kit in the back
(Red Guardian)Family back together again 
(Me) yeah don’t be too sure about that ?
Avengers: reuniting
Thor: Family, back together again
Barton: You got fat
Natasha: smiles
Can't wait this movie????????
So we did saw her after a minute
I’ve waited for this!!
About dam time!!
Remember when a lot of people thought Spider-Man: Far From Home was set before the events of Infinity War or was set in alternate timeline?
Spoiler alert : " she’s not gonna die in this movie "
I'm so proud of Florence Pugh, shes really rising
I just realized that is Florence Pugh
Does anyone realise that the actor for hopper is playing a Russian guy either the name Alexei
RIP alexei
Black Widow: I've used have nothing
Clint: WHAT??
Me: I can’t sleep
Marvel: well since you’re up here you go.
Y'all better be ready for Florence Pugh.
I have a feeling this is gonna sell like CRAZY! Oh wow, I am keeeen :)
Great 
Now please can you upload the eternals trailer or teaser please ?
YYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
Black Widow in Endgame: “I have no family to go back to.”
Red Guardian: “Family, back together again.”
How She Still Alive?
Like If You Dont Know She's Alive
Hopper: if you cant beat them join them
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED IN BUDAPEST
It’s hopper !
So I guess that confirms the “hopper ends up in Russia” theory
Omg all these likes thanks ?
0:51 guitar hero drum kit in the background
Legends Never Die
I've saved my Paytm movie coupon for  30th Apr ??
I love the music ?
Major hypothetical here. What if Bruce was able to revive Natasha and she is Taskmaster. Trying to stop this version of Natasha from making a major mistake.
I still dont get how this movie will do something for stage 4 if the character is already dead. Unless they do this just to show us her life before being an agent of shield ????
Spoiler Alert: She’s only good at kicking
hello Stranger Things fans, i'm with you... we will celebrate if Hopper is here, in this movie.
1:55 saints row 3 lmao
Black widow jumps for the soul stone
2yrs later
Black Widow: Wtf I m Alive
When I heard crimson Dynamo was gonna be in this movie I thought he was gonna be in a gigantic suit and be an enemy of iron man
Stranger things theory : Hooper is probably alive in Russia
Marvel: yup he is alive and in Russia
few months till it comes out cant wait!
Plot twist: Taskmaster is actually Hawkeye trying to rescue Nat from a group of people pretending to be her friend in order to use her as an asset
"I'm done running from my past"
Flirts Banner and Steve Altogether
What if this is other universe that captain america came to return one of the infinity stone and in the mean time trying to warn black widow by undercover as taskmaster whoever he is.
Everyone been asking for a black window movie but I want falcon
Black widow really reminds me of myself and my f***ing always painful life
I always saw Black Widow as a character with a dark past. This seems light hearted, though it can be good
Florence Pugh, oh hell yeah???
Star Wars: kills Han Solo
gives him a solo movie
(literally)
My theory is that somehow she'll be revived in the end.
heard you had a solo movie
BW: its never easy these days
Scarlett' beauty is so raw, it's undeniable. I wouldn't mind being stuck in an elevator w/ her for hrs, she could drink the sweat of my chest to stay hydrated while we PATIENTLY awaiting the ? department to come rescue us! ?
How I’m walking through the new year
We have unfinished business
Black widow: dies
Marvel: pulls out uno reverse card
When a dead avenger has also an A.I Edith 
Then
Hulk says:I I I I I MUST HAVE  
                AN A.I
Similar sound effect to the prowlers theme
Its been here for a month but I just watched it ?
I'm not joking marvel WHERE IS OUR HAWKEYE MOVIE COME ON MAN WE HAVE EVERYBODY ELSE EXCEPT FOR HAWKEYE please
Everyone with a Russian accent: looks at Black Widow
Black Widow: Yeah I don't do that anymore.
the music in this trailer sounds like the one from spiderman into the spidey verse(the bgm)
"you got FAT", best part of the trailer (other than Scarlett J., of course)
Can I pls skip rest of the January and month February, March, and April and just see the movie already. I've been waiting for this movie for 3 years.;
I need to talk or someone is going get sue 
And am tired of this
“one thing's for sure, it's gonna be one hell of a reunion”
You don't say..
Let's hope we finally get to know what the hell happened in Budapest...
This is gonna be good because it's a whola new story.
'What brings you home?'
Is it only me who felt that thanos dialogue
I'm here for the Florence Pugh action scenes
Family stands for Father And Mother, I Love You!
Let's all be honest, this should have been the first mcu female lead movie
Hopper becomes the red guardian in russian
Q: Where does the MCU takes place?
After Endgame:
Alright where do we go from here
Marvel: Let's start at the beginning... One last time.
Go see it. It’s what Black Widow deserves. Now all we need is Hawkeye babeeeee.
Tony Stark will save the day as usual
"nothing lasts forever"
"dormammu, i've come to bargain"
Why the movie if she’s dead.. ?????
“But nothing lasts forever.”
She’s dead now
She said nothing lasts forever in the Age of Ultron Trailer
I’m confused, are they actually related?
If I'm gonna watch this film then just for Florence Pugh
01:46:00 AM
Red Guardian vs TaskMaster !!!!?
I just thought of something, when red skull said it was permanent and she wouldn’t come back, think how gamora came back, she died for the soul stone and then came back with the time machine, so it was possible to bring back gamora, so it’s possible to bring back black widow
Spoiler: She dies a few movies later
Okay, serious question here. About 26 seconds in you hear a man say "I heard you had to leave in a hurry." Now, I know it sounds like William Hurt, and they show a younger-looking Gen. Ross about that time, but to me it makes no sense that Gen. Ross would be talking to her after the events of the Civil War. Especially since Ross didn't look like that in Civil War, I think that's clearly a flashback scene going back several years. Also, Marvel is famous for putting out fake stuff to throw us off track (like Hulk in Infinity War trailer), so I'm wondering if she's talking to someone else, like Tony Stark? And maybe they doctored the voice to SOUND like Gen. Ross???
I need this
There's some of these scenes in Age of Ultron. Cool.
Jim Hopper 2019: Hates Russians
Jim Hopper 2020: Is Russian
final trailer today at 6.30 PM IST
1:16 I hope that's not the final vfx ?
This Trailer would be so awesome if added a scene of IRON MAN
Perfect
Looks good. Actually great... I just hope for its sake it is. And stands along along cap America iron man and thor
Remember the Black Widow meets 27 Dresses on SNL <3 <3 <3  I do like how it  too started in a big city...and then she got a job... and a family of wonderful room mates... and her love with that robot couldn't last forever because he didnt even know her favorite food. Then she was going to run away from her past and move to paris but the hulk knew she loved Ice Cream so it looked like she stayed with him and found true love.
I didn’t want to watch this but.......oh my,even the music gives me goosebumps.......
Just waiting to mourn the end of Netflix after the rise of Disney +
I guess you really don’t mess around with Jim......
0:33 i love this
I was just about to go to bed when I saw this in my feed. I almost had a mini heart attack
Ohhhhhhhhh!! I can't wait see it. I hope when  Captain America went to return the Soul Stone in Vormir in Endgame, she gets to come back to the MCU. I am not surprised there was no funeral for her in endgame.
Hey look
It’s captain
S O V I E T
U N I O N
The trailer si best and I think movie will go hit 
But not feeling of avengers
Annd TonY STarK 
???????
Oh... it's gonna be one of those movies where everyone speaks English with an accent instead of their native language
How could this be she got killed in end games??
Awesome content dude keep up the amazing content bro.
Thor: I am the fattest marvel character 
Red guardian: Hold my Vodka
Now this, puts a smile on my face
I will see this just for David Harbour as Red Guardian
Why am I seeing zero comments on Marvel possibly crapping all over Taskmaster?
Finally Budapest! The ultimate endgame
Hopper in Stranger Things: “Russia is bad”
Hopper in Marvel: “Long Live Soviet Union”
I'm waiting for Doctor
Strange 2
She should have maintained a Russian accent. Oh well ?????
2019: Hopper hates Russians
2020: Hopper is Russian
So she died the way X and juice wrld died 
I see how it is
What a music for a trailer, makes it look very epic!
I really want to see this one
1:45 that face so weird. can we cgi to fix ?
Marvel : Kills Black Widow 
Natasha : I don't judge people by their worst mistakes
This movie gonna be awesome
I think it will gross over a billion
notice how hopper's name is ALEXAI like in STRANGER THINGS
Wouldn't be great if Deadpool came last on the movie  scene
Who's watching this in March 2020???
In America, man hates big Russian.
In Soviet Russia, man is big Russian.
sometimes I think I am the only one who is making pressure on marvel to bring Tony back??
Imagine marvel pulls a uno reverse card at the end and says “Black widow will return to the mcu” WTHH
Yaaaaawn
You just saw the whole movie!! Gonna suck
Black widow: dies
captain karen 2.0
great
90% look hot 
10% action
make more avengers movie with old characters specially tony stark please
Gonna be weird hearing David Harbour with a russian accent but i feel like its gonna fit him pretty well
The new nanny diaries movie looks so different
Why are Russians speaking English to each other with bad Russian accents?
Anyone notice how similar taskmaster and ronin(hawkeye in endgame look)
Everyone here for Black widow I'm here for her and Florence my Amy from Little Women ??
So far  I love what I see I just hope and pray that they don't market this as a feminist film. I love Scar Jo and I really want this film to be successful.
Holy Hawkings! 
Hopper is here?
Who else is here before this goes trending??
Edit:
So this is his new life in the upside world.
FLORENCE <3
Wait how did she come back didn’t she jumped off the cliff so they can get the soul stone
So when Hopper got kidnapped the Russians brought hin to Russia, he fell in love started an family and turned into a hero
Natasha jumps
“Was she wearing a parachute?”
I hope we will find out what happened at the Budapest
i want someone like this in my life
Hopper, you’re alive!
Hopper In ST: Fights Russians
Hopper In BW: Is a Russian
Someone : why r u watching this so many times 
Me: after endgame "I used to have nothing"
The trailer song is sick...?
Anyone reckon this will get delayed? Just like James Bond
I got the chills after the trailer can't wait!!! and better late than never huh? lmao long over dueeeeeeee
This was on another level??
I don’t know why but I’m obsessed with the background music already
Rocking performance miss.Scarlett Johansson
YO JOE!
Bring tony stark back MARVEL ... It's a humble request from all marvel fans?
After knowing family cannot go along with me, i join avenger.
Marvel: "Let's release this trailer when everyone is asleep"
People with insomnia: pathetic!
40M views!!! Already sold out???
First Phase 4 movie Yay!
time years years if!!! THANKS
the new season of stranger things took a weird turn
1:26 Is this a black widow movie or a Crisis trailer? XD
Prove that Jim Hopper is still alive
2019 Jim Hopper: hates Russians
2020 Jim Hopper: well if you can’t beat em...
Black Widow's sister: I have the best horrible MCU Russian accent...Wanda: Hold my vodka...
1:58 she thicc
You wanted a Real amazing female superhero? 
There!
Why black widow logo looks like Albedo's Omnitrix ?
Her whole family: Russian accent 
Natasha: the most American accent everyone has ever heard of
Winter Soldier vibe is there??
How she's alive she dies in the endgame for the soul stone
Bruh I find it really weird to start a phase (and a new saga) with a prequel
People: Black Widow is gonna be the first rated R MARVEL movie
Dead pool: AM I A JOKE TO YOU!?
Jim hopper.. what the hell did the Russians do to you man
FLORENCE PUGH!!
Why everyone in Natashas Family has Russian accent but not her...
If the movie doesn't begin with her waking up on Vormir i'll leave the theater
ok i am hyped bird cant wait to wach it
Eat your heart out Brie, you'll never beat scarlet, no matter how hard you try.
i love her super hero landing.. so cool..
Me: types in WW84 to search for the Wonder Woman trailer 
Black Widow trailer: pops up as third option
Also me: visible confusion
This comes out on my bday lol
david harbour's here 
of course im coming
Love You 3000 Nat ???
She hit the wall a few years ago
Spoiler: She doesn't die at the end of this movie.
That's a long way from Budapest...
Like boys
Comment grils
I See there a big BMW product  placement coming!
First mutant could be Omega Red! That would be epic!
Person: How many times have you seen this trailer?
Me: yes
Wow, it's great
It’s weird how she doesn’t have a Russian accent
Hawkeye saw nothing kuz he was never gonna have a solo movie. ?
1:45 her smile = so cute
Marvel: "let's release this trailer when everyone is asleep"
T'challa: laughs in wakanda.
Marvel really out here sending that “u up?” text.
What is this song? I need it on my phone!
Oh my god this is going to be awesome
I already said that Hopper is alive
0:20 even cold November rain
Heeeeheh!!!   It STILL Fits !. ??????????????????????????????????????
imagine if john wick fought natasha who would win ? xD
When you realize that because Endgame is in 2023 they could set a movie in the present day with Black Widow
I thought this would relate to Ben10 somehow ...
Black Widow should have recieved a movie way before Captain Marvel ever did.
I'm not super interested, but I would've thought there'd be a full/new trailer now.
PLEASE! Give us the trailer ost!!!
Well ok... This is the latest ad for BMW
Stranger Things: Hopper hates Alexei
Marvel: Hopper is Alexei
I wonder what the end credits will be if it even has one maybe they will just put sounds like endgame
The only russian not obsessed of Adidas tracksuit, hardbass, squat dancing and vodka
Russian accent...
Going to pay the bills... yeah bills
i have a great feeling about this scene.. it will be totally epic 1:20
Looking forward to seeing Oliver Richters
So this basically took place at the time of Black Panther is what i’m assuming? 
In that case.. Killmonger vs Taskmaster
1:57 Ben 10
I really wanna see this,  first Marvel movie about our Heroine who’s has been fighting alongside the Avengers from movie 1!
I’m here to witness the rise of Florence Pugh.
It's looking like SAAHO MOVIE background music...
1:09 bugs me
who genuinely asked for this?
“But nothing lasts forever”
Me: remembers Endgame ?
Alguien que por favor me pueda decir donde puedo encontrar esos sonidos de fondo o como crearlos. Les agradecería un monton
She just needs a love interest named Boris to make it complete
So it still coming out may 1st or april 24th?
Am I the only one with hype for the fact that: THERE ARE MORE BLACK WIDOWS!!?! :'D
This trailer: releases
Screen Rant: 500 things you missed in the new Black Widow trailer
I hope there's no twist like Taskmaster turns out to be good while the Russian characters (sans Natasha) turn out to be villains.
1:21 stormtrooper widow
quem e Fã da Capintã Marvel comenta quem e Fã da Viúva negra quer que ela Volte em Vingadores 5 da um Joia?
# Amo a Viúva negra?
Jim Hopper turn to Rusky after fighting Grigori
I know it. Hopper is ALIVE
1:27 WTF
Loved it,nice music, suite moves like iron man was nice.
I swear if this doesn’t include what happened in Budapest I-
I knew it! Jim hopper is alive!
That soundtrack is really slapping.
goosebumps bgm ? scarlet is awesome ?
Still Fits 1:36 ????????
Marvel Drops Black Widow trailer
WatchMojo: 100 things you missed in Black widow trailer
End game it's self gave clues to the return of black widow when gamora and thanos came from a different  time line. Am i correct??
So excited for taskmaster!
that's a nice looking drum kit at 0:51
Natasha: “I have no family to go back to”
Red guardian: am I a joke to you?
Is that the same apartment from one of the Bourne movies, because it definitely looks like that apartment?
Meh. We already got a Red Sparrow film with Jennifer Lawrence so do we really need this?
Someone plz tell me how did she come back?
OMG!!!!
When Aliens come from a wormhole
Natasha: I've seen worse.
When half the people turn into dust
Natasha: I've had better Nightmares.
sounds like wraith from apex legends?
Taskmaster is going to be the best part of this movie
1:24 is that a Karen?
came here from stranger things
"I used to have nothing, and then i got this solo movie"
1.5million likes.
Where are those millions of racist sexist bigots who are scared of a strong woman?
I guess the gate exploded so hard it turned hopper into a russian
Id buy the soundtrack to this trailer!
All ready  disepointed from captain marvel . just watch Gotham all seasons
Me: YouTube has nothing now.
YouTube recommend: Black Widow trailer.
waited for a long time. now it came .nat had  gone but she lives in our heart
What the name of the track playing in background???
WHAT HAPPENED IN BUDAPEST IS THE REAL QUESTION
I bet she dies falling of a cliff on another planet, i dunno, just a hunch.
I knew Hopper wasn’t dead!
>The film about russian superheroes
>Gets delayed in Russia because of Victory-day
>Putin — ?
A prequel? I'll pass.
1:20 IS SHE A STORMTROOPER!
Black Widow: "See you in a minute."
Me: I missed you so much.
1:14 black widow
1:21 white widow!
Hopper is alive
David Harbour is the luckiest man there is... He got to be a Marvel Superhero without working out and getting abs for a year
Who want Hawkeye's seperate franchise ?
bacground music catches..
hell yeah DAVID HARBOUR
I think in this is put more effort we'll see
I love the noise at 0:32
2019: Hopper Is Captured By Russians.
2020: Hopper Is Russian.
Who else has been here 99 more times??
This takes place after Captain America Civil War, I found out
So Hopper IS in Russia!
For Tony Stark
Uhm, are you guys having scarlet manage the movie? If I know her right, she’s just going to wriggle the project until you give up the project entirely...
Nothing last forever we can change the future
I swear to god if they don't tell us what happened in Budapest I'm gonna scream at the top of my lungs in the theater
Kinda looks bland to me but I’d be open to seeing it
Black Widow movie should have been released long ago before Endgame like Iron Man and Captain America.
background score was great
IM GONNA CONSOOOOOOOM
I felt the woooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaapppppp :)
Make me so happy to see she receving a solo movie, i remenber back then, in the start of the MCU people saying that she was uselless, just a hottie, she being exclued of almost all Marvel products and desesrespcted. People saying that she would never have a solo movie. I was there on the start of her fandom, i literally almost cried when this trailer came out. ?????? Sorry for the grammar mistakes
<3
No one: 
Looper: 10 things you missed in the Black Widow teaser!!
thor wearing caps suit looks awesome
That guy with the red shield is task master
1:45 her reaction bothers me there, idk why
Who else is here before this goes trendingggg??????
With beings like The Living Tribunal, The One Above All,  Infinity,  Eternity, The Beyonder,  Hela etc in the Marvel Universe, Black Widow may not stay "permanently" dead.  She may be "back".
What?  ???????? I wonder what the end credits will be
OMG THE VILLAN IS TASKMASTER
Iv got to get this of my chest Loki cant be 2x people at once wAy we’ve seen thew movies ? its same Loki an way takin the space stone think Loki series will be going tht way. Mad how he always knows wen he’s going to die ! ?  this looks awesome ? looking forward to it an watch 1st avengers ul see wer im going way this. Loki is in 2x timelines hence he’s thr then not starting the madness of the of dr strange. Hope we see  morbius in something a4 him spiderman go Sony super heroes ???? also marvel means no matter what if the brothers are involved looking forward to future of marvel
IM SAD THAT IRON MAN AND BLACK WIDOW DIED GETTING THE INFINITY STONES AND BEATING THANOS
Man, hopper stayed back?
Me comes back to see the comments - marvel uploaded in night
I love that noise every upbeat in the trailer.
bgm???
Did anyone notice(I'm sure many people have) that they named David Harbour's character Alexi?  I miss Alexi...
That's dandy of a film ...... ??
Still want to watch it
Dude the music for “Black Widow Theme” in this teaser got me excited.
This music is killer and suits Scarlett Johansson so much. 
So hyped about this movie. ?
Can’t wait till April 30 ???
Hopper again russian ?
Love you 3000 Scarlett Johansson
David harbour practicing his russian accent
For stranger things season 4
Me in 2016 
I want a black widow movie
Marvel: u r 4 years earlier
Me in 2016 
I want a black widow movie
Marvel: u r 4 years earlier
Waiting for your movie trailer ???
Jim Hopper 2019: hates Alexei
Jim Hopper 2020: is Alexei
I have seen n number of times for the music only....????
Let’s be honest with ourselves. This movie is gonna look great and we all wanna see it and then captain Marvel 2 comes out and we sleep ???
I think we will see Nat wake up seeing Cap shrink on Vormir for the credit scene
Marvel: kills Black widow
Also Marvel: Let`s make a film about Black Widow!
I still miss tony stark geez. anyone?
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO!
I want to see taskmaster so badly
I’m here after watching the Phase 4 comic con video. There’s a lot of series in this phase rather than movies. I’m happy they can still do amazing movies and shows after the dramatic ending of the Avengers saga.
"Was she wearing a parachute?"
"No, no she wasn't"
Ironman is going to come again??
I will be happy if he comes then
this song for the real hero
we love you tonyy
you are saved us
we love you forever 
Turns out that taskmaster is clint,and thats why they keep mentioning about budapest and in this movie it'll reveal the budapest thing
Red Guardian: In Soviet Russia shield throws you.
Black widow died on eng game how he's a life
What if the post credit be the  agents inferno  crimson dinamo ,bear  and the others characters  because red guardian is they leader
2019: black widow dies.
2020: it's rewind time.
Loved that bgm
everyone waiting for this movie
i think
I guess there will be a scene in the movie with the winter solider and the marvel studio is keeping it a secret. I guess so
??????, ??? ?? ??? ?????? :?
"You've got fat"
Don't you dare talk to my Hopper like that.
this is janda hitam :o
I am Happy Person!
Yes yes yes yes!!!!!!!!
Is it just me that's watching in 1:57 the x-men logo?
Hola Marvel Entertaiment me gustaria que en captain marvel 2 en sus finales poscreditos podrian poner a Sentry y q se conecte con ella y los vengadores . Eso seria magnifico y la mayoria lo aseptaria
Duhh it's obviously Yelena is taskmaster 0:55
Knowing her fate, this trailer makes it much more sadder.
This is gonna epicc
It's about time!
scarlet witch coming soon
God I hope she's in leggings the whole movie
Everyone: Isn't she dead?
Marvel: Yes. No.
Gotta love the villian Taskmaster (marvel vs Capcom 3 video game)
I wasn't too see this movie
01:22:00 AM
Who is on here cause they’re fake marvel fans and are clout chasers?
I bet you a zillion doll-hairs, at the end, they show Tony Stark make a deal with the celestials while inside the soul stone to bring her back after the snap...
i think it looks very good.
Fans: Is Black Widow dead?
Marvel: Yes'nt
So if she's gonna die in this movie there will be another part.
Can't wait to see this! What... May 1? Looks like I gotta wait...
Wonder woman is coming on Fire ? like a bae..
This film has the same vibe as Captain America: Winter Solider.
Edit: I didn’t mean it as an insult. I meant it as a compliment because Winter Soldier was amazing.
Black Widow, doesn't feel like a movie, doesn't feel like a comic. screams at marvel()
Brie Larson: I'm a symbol of female independence 
Scarlet Johansson: Hold my beer
hope theres a infinity stone in this
I feel like she deserves this both for her character black widow and for scar jo herself..  she has put in a decade's worth of work and energy in the MCU while remaining relevant and at the forefront of the avengers despite others having 'superpowers'
Like the prowler like theme, cant waittttt
0:38 Vietnam êy :v
MARVEL. WE WANNA KNOW WTH HAPPENED IN BUDAPEST!!! ?
I CAN'T WAIT
Who’s here for strangers things ?
Great trailer.
Task master = power ranger
Too bad Stan Lee won't be in it ?
All of you miss the blackwidow
Awesome trailer.
“One time I saw her kill 3 people, in a bar with a fookin plate.”
I want next spider Man?? or
IRON MAN movie
????
The sirens sound like the ones in the song Satisfy by NERO
THEY CAN FLY NOW?
It's red guardian!!!!!!
She deserves a movie or 2 of her own ????she earned it
Hey wazzup Hopper
Marvel: Let's release it when everyone is asleep
Europe and Asia: Hold my time zone
Marvel Enter tengo una pregunta??? cuando estará la película blak guindor
40.000.000 ????
Just don't mention that other super-heroine trailer or else Marvel will block you!
I’m gonna tell my kids i was here in 29 seconds
Any one got my rent??
the new Charlie's Angels movie wishes it was this.
I love  this  music 
Can you please  upload  or  make  full  track
Please
we’re finally going to find out what happened in Budapest...
Its not based off the book. Well. At least it is some what from what i could tell. And I'm disappointed. There goes Alex Romanova and Ava
WOW they actually made the Fortnite skin into an actual movie...
They should've released this before Infinity War and Endgame. It would've had a bigger impact on her death.
Looks cool
Fans: Is Natasha still alive? 
Marvel: No. Yes.
This movie is gonna blow Captain Marvel back to the eighties, can't freakn wait! :)
i’m so happy. this is way overdue.
So next black widow is her sister, 
Am I right?
0:38 Israel documents
That moment when you see that Robert Downey Jr. is in the cast list as Tony Stark
She's alive?!
This movie should take place before infinity war and endgame.
It would make more sense that way
01:19:00 AM
Russians speaking in a heavy accent
Scarjo be like: suuuup duuude
Sees trailer: looks cool 
Sees hopper: SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
so youre telling me black widow survived a fall only to get a movir?
shut up and take my money
I’ll probably only watch this because of jim hopper
david harbour 2019: fights big russian
david harbour 2020: is big russian
I thought she was dead in endgame
I thought she died at the end game for the gem
Florence Pugh!
Nd Tony was like: "do we even know if she had a family"
Where i can watch the full movie?
Can’t wait ?
What is your name the move
68 more days to go!!!!
It's wierd that Hopper looks almost the same after 30 years. Must be the russian climate.
Why does this theme music sound like Black Manta ( from Aquaman) theme?!?!??
It’s possible that she comes back...
R.I.P
Well Ironman com back
I can already tell David Harbour’s gonna steal the show in this film...
I thought she died at the end game for the gem
OMG FLORENCE PUGH RNWNFK
a spy of russia and died at vormier
How black widow return 
again and she death in end game
Comes back after thanksgiving
Everyone at school: 1:43
# MARVEL. traz ela de Volta
I hope taskmaster cheats like he does in marvel vs capcom 3
I guess hopper is in Russia after all
Hawkeye deserve a solo movie too
Goosebumps
Oh soo that's what happened to Hopper in Russia.
We're still family, right?
Depends how hard you hit me.
I want to cry 
didn't SNL have copyright on this?
Melina (Rachel Weisz) is going to betray Natasha or she did it in the past. Just a prediction.
How come this has 40M view and WW84 has 24M view.. Yes i understand it's being grounded... But kinda feel underwhelming in term of trailer.
When she jumps off the platform I was sadly reminded that this will be the last time we see Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow. ?
Please make a series of the Scarlet Witch or a movie
OMG Black Widow was seen in White
??
Will Tony stark be here?
"THERE WAS AN IDEA" ?
lol wouldn't you expect two russian girls to speak in russian to each other ?
Yelena copying nat's moves? Sounds like a taskmaster to me
pLEASE tell me this explains what happened in budapest
Wait I thought she died in avengers endgame?
SHE'S CUTE, right?
The soundtrack of the trailer sounds like The Prowler theme from SpiderVerse.
That music
Black Widow has come looong way, and after what she did for us. 
She deserves this. 
I did a reaction to this video, you can check it out on my channel. Thanks.
Best trailer music eveeeeer
If this about her coming back then 
* 6 Hours Later *
"10 things you Missed In The Black widow Trailer"
She's a real heroes.
Honestly, do they even have to advertise anymore? Just slap the Marvel logo on a movie poster with literally no information whatsoever on who's in it, just the logo on a black background, and they'll make bank.
David Harbour worked with a guy playing a russian dude named Alexei and in Black Widow, his name is Alexei. Coincidence? I THINK NOT!
Elizabeth Banks: “Men don’t see films with female leads.”
Marvel Studios: Aye, hold my Black Widow Trailer
Music so epicc
I honestly prefer this trailer over the new one's the music is very good and you can here it better then the other trailers.
This is gonna be more awesome than captain marvel  far far away true or false guys
For a second I thought that was Scarlett Johannson
1:43 Practically everyone's reaction to Thor in Endgame.
Hey everyone I just want to say that perhaps it would be really great to see Black Widow and Spider-Man team up together in the new Marvel Cinematic Universe movies if they ever decide to do it. Because maybe if she does return or whatnot I wonder how it would be like if the 2 of them really officially get to be side by side also if you think about it they have arachnids in their super hero names.?
She looks dope
Avengers: Captian America
Black Widow: CAPTAIN COMMUNIST
David Harbour??
I bet taskmaster is Zemo. It's just me. Ignore me.
Please put this music in the movie
Look very very well ?!
this 43K dislikes are from HYDRA
Just chakas wow.
This movie is going to start off with her having a memory of all this before she dies.
Hawkeye: She's dead and still gets a movie.
Loki: you can always make your own timeline and be the hero of every story
I Didn'T See My AmericaN SaRcaS FrienD, AgenT Of ShielD.
Saying: Yesterday was history and tomorrow is a mystery.
Marvel: Well, it's the other way around for us.
Jim hopper become a russian
I’m am soo confused right now
I'll take Keri Russell instead.
All I need to know before watching.... is this woke or not.
01:32:00 AM
0 comentário em Português. Kkk
Forget black widow let's see her sister lol
2020 anyone?! Lol
If this won't be the start of her trilogy we riot.
Music name, please, anyone?
I’m Anthony Mackie
I re-watched endgame right, and I really couldn't stop thinking about how she's the only avenger who still had Pym particles when she "died." @Marvel is there something you're not telling us?
Heres here from Film Theory?
So did she survive from endgame or is that too far out there?
Yes captain Russia is finally here
Hopper!!!
This is going to be the best movie how many of you guys are going to watch it
i didnt know captain Vietnam was in marvel
Who would love to see a huge crossover with literally everyone u can think off, the avengers, the justice league, x men, dragonball character, Rick and Morty and tonnes more, it would be near impossible to pull off but still
Spoiler alert:
Im sure on 100% her sister Die
What´s  the  soundtrack name ? please
?????? ???? ????? ?????? ??? ???? ????? ???? ????? ??????? ????? ?????? ???? ??? ?
For anyone wondering:
This movie takes place after Civil War
12:38:00 AM
Vi?t Nam wow ?
Spoiler: She DOESN'T die at the end of this movie.
Better be good, bcz taskmaster is a cool villien and black widow is also cool.
Don't waste the characters.
Like antman and the wasp.
At 1:21 she looks like a storm trooper
I like this sound 0:32
HOPPER FROM STRANGER THINGS
This looks like Marvel had a baby with Mission Impossible and Jason Bourne
whats the soundtrack?
jim Hopper
Hopper: *fights Russians in stranger things
Also hopper: if you can't beat em, join em
Black widow : ...........
Task master : yeaaaah booooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
[Cyka blyat intensifies]
If you haters are just gonna hate then why you even here?
hopper 2019: *chases a russian named alexei*
hopper 2020: *literally becomes alexei*
I'm here for Hopper
1:34 it’s Captian Blyat
man this movie is awesome but if it does a colab with fortnite i am gonna get so mad
Try me !!
Honestly wouldn't complain if they started a series of Black Widow films like James Bond films
I prefer the   SNL'S black widow trailer
Oh my...
Who composed this song??
wait I thought she died
Marvel : Drops Black Widow trailer
Looper : 1 million things you miss in the  trailer
Hell that's a lot.
Am i the only one that thought the scene looked kinda bad?? 1:51 ... its almost like they blended the hell out of black widow
Omg wait so is that why the sheriff from stranger things died because he was gonna be in black widow.
It'll be a direct contest with Salman's Radhe at the box office
This movie would have been nice to have before Endgame to give more weight to her character
hopper wtf
Is after in eternals avengersvwill come or not
Finally a dark themed movie in mcu
Marvel: U SURE
Imagine seeing winter soldier in this movie 
TONY STARK IS BACK IN MCU??
Why doesn't she have an accent too?
Are they making the new avengers movie?
I think Natasha's "sister" is going to die. maybe that's why she wears her vest in infinity war.
Cái tí l?n nhanh quá :3
How did black widow returns
She had died in endgame
Marvel trying to copy the boss from mgs3
When a dead avenger has a movie but you don't
Hawkeye:cries in the corner
More Like April 2020?
I swear if this doesn’t have Hawkeye or explain what happened in Budapest..
When does this take place in the MCU?
Florence Pugh is a great addition to the MCU!!!!! WE HAVE DECIDED TO STAN FOREVER.
To all the people asking "isn't she dead" this is before Endgame
lol the music was funny
Please come back Tony Stark
I can see it
When did this happen if she died? Must’ve been a blast in the past before she joined shield ? and they said don’t change anything from the past (THE END GAME)  but captain changed his life by living and getting married... and came back old as his real age as if he never was on ice! I’m confused and need answers about the future?! What will happen to cap and the avengers?!!!!
IM LITERALLY IN MY CLASS AND DROPPED  EVERYTHING TO WATCH EVEN MY TEACHER JOINED IN
Where's Thanos?
charlie's angels
Ima watch that movie
Movie is about past black widow story. Then I hope I will see Tony Stark .
Spoiler alert: she survives in this movie and then dies later
Yet Hockey still dose get a movie
Pew pew pew!
I really wish they would unkill her.
when it says rdj is in the cast
me: dont do that, dont give me hope.
Fans:Is Natasha alive
Marvel:YesNo
Já quero esse filme no Brasil aaaaaahh
Me encanta el trailer pero deberían haberse basado en su pasado como se creo viuda negra?Aún así me encanta
Fans: casually minding there own business 
Marvel: Hey wanna cry again?
It is unacceptable, inconceivable that even after the Matrix, Chalie's Angels, Kill Bill, Aeon Flux Marvel will still do fight scenes in which a double stunt does practically every kick or punch, and not just acrobatics, becomes "the fight for the fight" , in addition to having the audience's lack of perception. It is not what I want to see in a film whose protagonist specializes in martial arts. Interpreting is more than doing facial and body expressions, or being good at scenes of comic relief and dramatic appeal. Scarlett Johansson in all these years has only given Black Widow a face, but has never given legitimacy or authenticity to her fight scenes. Marvel deserves to be compared to an amusement park, as it has learned to make easy money with an audience that accepts everything.
?
Guys, this is the movie where we will finally learn what happened in Budapest.
imagine the widow that died was a skrull and this natasha turns out to be the real black widow .
May... perfect birthday present for me then.
Just mind blowing
So hopper joins the avengers?
Its real 2020??
This Tralier is nothing, Honestlyn
Are white men invited to watch this one?
She is alive????
Cade os br??
She was not RUSSKI Enough for us
This is nice and all but where's muh war machine movie? :(
Ei que dia vai pesisa de um pesoas de 8 ano no filme
"You got fat"
Hey, you didnt have to target me like that especially after thanksgiving weekend, but ok
This looks like it's going to be a really good movie!
Another dogshit production from marvel
I love you
So basically hopper go to the upside down ended up in the MCU
Cash grab cash grab... $$$$
Taskmaster looking clean
Whoever made this trailer should be promoted.
isn't she suppose to be dead, i don't get it?
03/06/20
   Three reasons why I am watching Black Widow the filming locations, action choreography and most important of all closure in the aftermath of Infinity War Part 2/ Endgame
Hãy cho tôi th?y cánh tay c?a các b?n Vi?t Nam ?
?thats budapest that’s where Natasha and Clint  met and that’s what they mean by every reference ?
Oh d-
Why they couldn’t release this before Endgame? I’ll wait until it’s on psn and rent it.?
I had a thought about spiders. I just wanted to understand something, the Black Widow has a large body, characterized by a red spot on the back abdomen. While the male counter part is extremely small in comparison. So, any person who carries a signature of a Black Widow, would  undoubtable make their partners feel smaller then them. As far as presence and visibility. The Female rules in the spider world. My question is this, is there at all possibility, that a Fly and a Spider would ever cross paths?  Could there be love with in that encounter? As far as I am understanding, the only Fly that could ever get close to a spider like that. One that traps so many men with in her web, is one who has a little spider of a mind. You need a film that shows her going against a Spider Fly...in other words Hi Scarlett!...teehee…. It's me, Jon. From work....
Its weird watching an action movie where you already know that the lead character will survive this movie no matter  how many enemies will try to kill her..
Give the characters russian accent, and guns and violence, and then film the whole in Budapest (Hungary) pretty unrespectfull, but hey it's a supperhero movie ??? 
I kinda amazed by this kind of American ignorance... I mean it's allways makes me laugh at the end.
As a gamer I am glad that games being developed don't have that Movie Industry 16.9 ratio of having black borders. 
It's beautiful having your big screen fill to the max with beautiful graphics.
Black Borders are awful.
Hopefully they give us 3 black widow movies too
Natasha: I used to have nothing
Also Natasha: sup sis
I ? u 4000. .....
Captain Marvel Fans : "Captain Marvel is the best!"
Patient Black Widow Fans : "Hold my beer..."
So this is what the Russians did to Hopper
Is tony gona be in this movie?
I really almost had a mini heart attack when i saw this on my feed just now
How does this have 38million views
Red guardian: I'm the fattest marvel character
Thor: hold my beer
so uhmm...,,,, this not a musical?
You know what I don’t get in movies where there are people of a certain race seating at a table and instead of speaking their collective native tongue they choose English with an accent. I get it easier for the audience but still wtf
The mask Man he is winter soldier???
"Do we even know if she had a family?" "Yeah us" Black Widow: actually
I hope black widow movie have part 2 ,3 ,4 and more lah
???
those Russian accents feel so fake.... and as a Russian i can notice very easily!
but one thing i don't understand, where is the pet bear and their stands? we all know Russians are stand users!
Post credit scene: thanos actually was using the reality stone to warp everyone’s reality
The symbol between 'BLACK' and 'WIDOW' looks like BEN10
In soviet Russia hugs mean fight
Please com back iron man???????
I bet Taskmaster plays a bigger role than we think
The music in this trailer is freakin ???
Which came first? Black Widow or La Femme Nikita? In other words, which is original?
can't wait
If all the stones were returned at the time they were taken
Only one thing is real She’s not dead
Plot twist it's her sister who died in endgame. Calling it now
Finalmente.
Ironman is going to come again??
I will be happy if he comes then
3 months ooo
Seriously? There was no other building to film at except the same of "Red Sparrow"?
She is coming back to the MCU.  I mean back like back from the dead.  Ready?
If the movie is before her death, then what’s with the beginning of this trailer? Marvel is a cruel, cruel franchise.
Background music is so badass like black widow.
Super bgm
how the hell does she come back to life after endgame
We'll finally get to know what the hell happened in Budapest
Don't ruin Black Widow
Weak stuff......Yawn.
Spoiler alert..... Final battle is Black Widow and Hawkeye :)
Jim Hopper 2019: Hates Russians
Jim Hopper 2020: Is Russian
Family of 4 Russians, talks in english.
Wait...do you think Hulk Banner maybe bringing Natasha back was a Success? This might not be a flashback
It's good to see Rachel Weisz Being Strong Woman Again Like She Did In Mummy Returns.. .. She is like another Sarah Connor... I'm so excited for this movie!
I think we all know she deserved her own movie.
By marvel standards this is realistic
Wow ?
Erm shes dead.
Imagine the movie is just going to be 2 hours of a picture of black widow dead after falling
Can we PUH-LEASE get another trailer
xd
am i the only one upset because her whole family either dies or her whole family doesn't know she's dead?
Stares in mirror.... looks at sink... tries to understand feelings....lens flares....green screen BASE jumping....mixed feelings about family.... fat shames father...... sounds like another woke film bust.
Hi Marvel 
When will this movie release.
so i guess the Russian prisoner in Stranger Things was Hopper?
To everyone who questioned her ability and why they recruit her at first place, you have your answer here. No special superpower, but herself is strong enough to fight her own. And I really wish that Bucky Barnes/Winter Soldier would appear in this movie. You know why if you read the comics.
They better show Budapest in this film!
Uhmmm. I just realized that this can't be her family right? She said in endgame that she doesn't know her father? ........ ????
One Like For Her sacrifice please
So this is where the Russians took hopper at the end of the season...
Non marvel fans: dude stop rewatching this trailer over and over again!
Me: No... don’t think I will...
Robert Downey jr. Is in the movie  wooo
How does this have more views than Wonder woman 1984 trailer?
Yay
'Was she wearing a parachute'
'No, no she wasn't'
Edit- Thanks for Likes
I'm here because Olivier Richters
Natashas dad looks like the Russian equivalent to our Florida man
? ???? ??? ?????? ?? ?????!
they did literally have a normal conversation after they tried to kill eachother
If black widow is coming again iron man will be in this movies i am sure
I hope there is a connection of why she was wanted to die in endgame and this movie...
LOVE the theme song! Also, BEST TRAILER EVER!!
Natasha: guys I died but it's all good I'm still getting a movie 
Hawkeye: oh come on! What about  me
1:30 Keep the door open Three Inches ?
The greatest thing is also the worst thing that RDJ will be back as Tony Stark but for the last time.
we’re finally getting a movie of her!
They need to incorporate that electric cello thing into the movie it sounds so good
Ah, so that’s where hopper went.
I need the winter soldier in this movie.
So that's what happened to Jim Hopper.
Of course David Harbour would be in this movie! Now I'm definitely watching it!
Love the widow 'theme tune'
I have a feeling that that guy is actually Bucky
Who is here after the special look during the National Championship?
who’s waiting for the tv spot?
Why do i feel like Taskmaster was hawkeye himself
One good reason im watching the movie
Me:because hopper is alive
0:38 OMG Nat is Vietnamese people?
So THAT'S what happened to Jim Hopper.
wht is this G.I.Joe + Fast and furious ???????
nope thank you im full
This movie looks like a money grab garbage can from Marvel??
Florence Pughs ?
"BLACK WIDOW" THAT'S SO RACIST... CALLING BLACK HUSBAND LESS WOMANS....??????
RACHEL WEISZ
Soundtrack is gonna be litttttttttttttttttt
No Stan Lee Cameo, I suppose.
Wait isn't red guardian Natasha's husband in the comics? O:
In Soviet Russia you dont speak with a accent the accent speaks through you
I hope 2020 is a great year for Female-led movies. 
Black Widow
WW84 (Wonder Woman)
Mulan
Hopper!
Fans: Finally you got your own Solo movie!
Black Widow: Yes
.
Fans: What did it cost
?
Black Widow: Everything.
Woke Widow
Marvel do things properly! Yeah!
Could it be that taskmaster is actually hawk guy in pursuit of killing black widow
Let’s go
You know... The stranger things universe would fit really well inside the Marvel universe
I can bet everyone in the comment section that in the movie we would came to know that
SHE'S NOT DEAD
Unpopular opinion : ain’t that interesting.... I don’t know it’s like a special agent movie and we have seen lots of such movies before so DOESNT really have anything new or interesting, just that it’s black widow 
Mission impossibles , John wick etc had something really new and fresh style 
Are Hindi me hai hu yaha ? or koi hai
Stronk rassin akcent.
Looks intense. The way it should.
melina + yelena + natasha = the real charlie’s angels.
WE'RE GETTING A NEW BLACK WIDOW TRAILER TONIGHT DURING MONDAY NIGHT COLLEGE FOOTBALL THIS IS REAL I'M NOT JOKING
Black widow 2 around 2024 I guess
stranger things: HOPPER
blackwidow: ALEXEI
When you only have trash heroes that no one loves, you brought back the dead character instead. So stupid. ?
Everyone: Dude, how long have you been standing there.
Marvel: An hour
Black widow uses ressurect.
"Agent Romanoff, you miss me"
??
Natasha : Jumps off the cliff 
Audience who are not Marvel fans : SuPerHero laNding , she's gonna do a superhero landing
Awesome BGM??????
Wow marvel is so brave casting their first transgender character...
"Why did u come sis?"
"To learn Russian accent."
instagram:oliverserez
Rondo Ireng
Black Widow in Avengers Endgame: ight imma head out
Black Widow in Black Widow: ight im back
Red Skull: "The stone demands a sacrifice. A soul for a soul"
Hawkeye: "Why don't you do it?"
Black Widow: "Yeah, if it's just a soul for a soul"
Red Skull: "... Whoever dies gets their own movie"
iron man  will back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Only Tony Stark.Robert..........................
Hopper spent so long in russia, he got himself a Russian accent
“I used to have nothing,
But then I got this job,
This family
But nothing lasts forever”
Can I just say how disappointed I am that marvel didn’t have her character or her sister’s characters suits/uniforms zipped up all way. Sure Natashas jacket was zipped up but why can’t her suit be zipped up too, it just doesn’t logically make sense for the zipper to be so far down :((
"I don't judge people on their worst mistake"
-Natasha 
(Avengers Endgame)
Natasha is the new Lara Croft from MARVEL. Seriously like, seriously??
Downeys back in black widow 2020 search it up. TONY TONY TONY
Is it just me or are the product placements getting more and more obvious in these movies (e.g. the beemer in the trailer), ???????
Sound score is amazing on this trailer - way to go
cool
Guy with the bow and arrow could potentially be hawkeye. The obvious weapon and the fact that he was told to kill Nat but didn't AND WHAT IF THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS IN BUDAPEST? WHAT IF HE CHANGES TEAMS TO HELP HER
Almost everyone: WHY IS THIS COMING OUT AT 3AM
Me and my Asian boys: Happiness noises
This is a sequel, she had on feather falling boots
One of the most helpful world-building tools is the consistency of costume design throughout the MCU. This is what a supersoldier suid looks like. This is what Star Tech looks like. This is what Wakandan tech looks like. It adds so much to the believability.
Marvel: releases the Black Widow trailer
Hawkeye: cries
Kinda unessecary if we know shes gonna die anyways.
Awaiting support all time I love  NATASHA
OH MY GOD. I'm in love with it already.
YEAAH
So that’s where Hopper went.....
"I'm done running from my past"
1:30 honestly thought that was Thor
Bollywood walu kuch sekho in sai.
Black Widows sister must be named Brown Recluse
wah
Marvel: Releases Black Widow teaser trailer.
Soul stone: Am I a joke to you?
Her powers are
NATA?A YAT A??A NATA?A YED? BEN?M TA??A?A
John wick should be in this movie
Nice Black widow iam # Marvel fan
Nice
Ohh myy flo??
This is what Hopper is doing in Russia.
Theory: The Soviets captured Hopper and brainwashed him into a Communist loving superhero
????  ????
This movie should be made 10 years ago... When ScarJo in her prime
Every time I see Marvel Studio Movie Trailer, I think the ost in trailer is better than the movie lol
Me: tryna sleep
Marvel: it's free real estate
How can i watch this when i already know that in the future, shes goin to die.
Oooo mate cool gggggggg
another amusement park movie
I did not notice that the other girl was Dani was from Midsommar. And that's a good thing, unlike Chris Hemsworth who always look like Thor in every movie he's in except for Cabin in the Woods.
Am I the only one who likes the music they did? Truly awesome.
God, no.
He will be alive belive me marvel needs money and everyone will watch scarlett johansson bc she's hot
What everybody fails to realise is that the Black Widow movie takes place after Captain America: Civil War, but before Avengers Infinity War
When you realize Tony Stark hasn't even become Iron man yet
Someone said that the trailer should be all mysterious and the song playing is Scarlett Johansson singing the lullaby ‘itsy bitsy spider’
Imagine if the movie ends up being black widow in the ravine just occasionally talking to gamora and taking naps
This music tho ?
Iron Man's best line in Black Widow: "TRAITOR!"
Sis: What brings you back home?
Natasha: I'm finally getting my own solo movie.
MARVEL EU AMO vcs vai traz ela de Volta em Vingadores 5
ela e uma Vingadora Maravilhosa?
So excited for the special look tomorrow. ????
Who is here in 2020 ??
So many (rather) positive comments.
Am I the only one finding it very underwhelming?
Black Widow Dies 
Marvel : It's Rewind Time
I love that his suit is virtually the exact same as Cap's minus the blue and the star... I mean like EXACTLY the same.
# MARVEL?traz ela de Volta # a Viúva negra e Maravilhosa # Amo a Viúva negra
As if Scar Jo wasn't a reason enough they hired Rachel Wiesz
Reminds me from the Russian movie called Guardian (Dubbed) 
With the superhero and the Team
I love this trailer it’s on fleek ?
HELL YEAH
Love the music.
I have that BRRRRRRRRR as my ringtone 
WHO IS WITH ME?!!?!?
That siren though lol.
MARVEL traz ela de Volta nos Amamos a Viúva negra MARVEL VAI traz ela de Volta
Sooooo....Task Master is gonna die in an explosion....and when he does...come back to this comment and give it a like....
What did they do to Taskmaster?!
They should pay the green screen
Jim looks the same
Best trailer ever
Bout time she got her own movie, the character and the actress.
Sou Fã da Viúva negra número 1 desda primeira vez q eu vi ela
Quem e Fã da Viúva negra quer que ela Volte ?
Ok, 1) that white suit looked like stormtrooper gear and 2) anybody know what the background music is because it’s DOPE
Is this real??
Not Netflix. Hawkeye will still get more solo screen time. Unfortunately. Love ya Hawkeye. Just love Widow and the other heroes more. Sorry, Jeremy!
Make a move on sentry
a Viúva negra e Maravilhosa traz a nossa Ruiva de volta
He became the very thing he swore to destroy.. he became the smirnoff
I want hulk a powerful version
I thought Black Widow and her sister are Russians?
Eu Amo a MARVEL ??
Tony stark be like : this does put a smile on my face
If the Marvel Studios will make Captain Marvel 2 soon, I REALLY hope they'll find a Actress, suitable for portraying Karla Sofen, A.K.A., Moonstone, to be the Perfect Main Antagonist in that movie soon.
Just one question: Why is the black widow white?
Back ground music it well osam
MARVEL eu Amo a Viúva negra vai traz ela de Volta
12:32:00 AM
01:13:00 AM
Love David Harbour though
Took her dying to get a movie smh
why do i wannna see black widow more than endgame?
See!  I knew Hopper was actually an undercover Russian double agent who faked his own death!
Black Widow: dies
Marvel: Some people, move on. But not us. Not us.
Better thumbnail or poster would be nice
TAKE. MY. MONEY!!!!!!
Not to correct any of you, but Hawkeye Disney Plus Show and when I first heard about it they said it was gonna be on Hulu. Along with Loki, Wanda and Vis, Bucky and Falcon, What If?.
Who was the bad guy? Taskmaster?
POR FINNNNNN
I so want Yelena Belova, A.K.A., Crimson Widow of H.Y.D.R.A to be the Villainess in this movie! She's definitely one of THE Best of the Equally Match Archenemy/Worthy Adversary Natasha Romanov, A.K.A., Black Widow!
This is so lit
THIS is how to execute a female led action movie. cough cough charlie’s angels
What is the title of avengers 5
So this is where hopper went after dealing with the Russians
This music would be sick to sample
i like it :V
Am suprised this many people clicked like
One of the best superheroes I’ve ever seen, and she’s finally getting a movie
To those who said "I thought she was dead", this movie is set between Civil War and Infinity War.
Is this before infinity war?
a Viúva negra vai ela vai tem que de um jeito eu de outro Marvel traz ela de volta
Who want see see harry potter in the avengers
This gave me Captain America: The Winter Soldier vibes.
And that Black and Red animation in the end is so cool!
Lbscarlett Johansson: just another dumb hollyweird actress
Natasha: We're going back to where it all started
Me: but what about BuDaPeSt
Kinda dont care same goes for a Hawkeye movie. I just never cared about the "special ops" type stuff in movies. I'm much more of a thor ragnarok, guardians, Ironman, spiderman, and hulk fan
1977 mang tao ??n ?ây
wellcome to VietNam
Black Widow: Dies
Black Widow Movie: I AM INEVITABLE.
Florence Pugh roles  went from a British family to a Swedish family and now a Russian family
dearest black widow movie, u better have Cap ROGERS on it or i'll bring back thanos
2020 is gonna be the year of women
Me: trying to sleep after a long Monday.
Marvel: I’m about to end this man sleep cycle.
Black widow returns
If this is Natasha’s “flashback before death”, IMMA CRY!!!!!
Marvel: releases black widow teaser
Everyone: why am I hearing boss music?
A prequel to Iron Man 2. Nice.
Marvel: There will now be a movie based on someone dead.
Fans: Impossible.
No one dies on a Marvel film
All these people who are confused about the timeline are gonna lose it when they find out that Tony is in this movie
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Marve seria bueno que hicierean una pelicula de la hija iron man o si no una de shasan 2
When does this take place?
2019: Black Widow dies
2020 marvel: yall, it's rewind time
About TIME
Are you going to start your phase 4 with a dead character? 
Marvel : yea .
I love how it's like a "spy thriller" like Winter Soldier
black widow and gamora are in haven
Does anyone know why Natasha looks like a storm trooper in 1:46
Really soo good
Everyone: Black Widow already died
Me:
Iron Man: Did she have family?
captain America: Yeah... Us.
Black Widow movie: I’m not so sure about that.
Cant wait..... but, why....... I mean she's dead. What next, another Ironman movie
Marvel: black widow 
DC: birds of prey
"Our battle will be legendary"
Nobody:
Absolutely nobody:
Russians in all Hollywood movies: ??? ?????? ? ???????
Russians talking english between themselves....
I just can’t wait for this movie
THIS??IS??ABOUT??TO??BE??SICK??
0:35 That The Spitting Image Of Thunderbolt Ross And USA's Special Forces!
Music sounds like the Prowler theme from Into the Spider-Verse
I can't wait!! This looks really good !!
Also, the music in this trailer is SO eerie... I LOVE IT!!!
O heck
A non- space, superpowered female marvel movie 
1:46 henry cavill arm reload
Waaaaayy overdue IMO. Im glad she getting her movie ?
0:04 when i look her eyes its looks like she is want revenge
PER- AND I CANT STRESS THIS ENOUGH- IODT
Love the music
Theory: shes on the run because shes being hunted down for letting captain America and Bucky out of the airport in Germany during civil war, shes at the airport and gets on a plane to Russia to escape, and is also being hunted down by yelena so she can take the title of the black widow
Me when I see Jim hopper and realize it isn’t him
Imagine if Mark Ruffalo is in the film
Wow....this doesn't look like a virtual stereotypical mess at all.....?
Tron: Uprising 
Please renew it. Disney listen.
Everyone: Fills the comment section with the same dull joke
A marvel movie without superheroes looks like a Lucy or 007 movie.
I want a Black Widow trilogy !
MARVEL EU TE AMO MAIS TRAZ A VIÚVA NEGRA DE VOLTA
Stranger things: ON
The Guardian character looks very interesting. Good casting.
??????????
so an elephant sound a-la Prowler's theme is the new BWAAAH?
i'm totally ok with this.
???? ????
SEGURA BRASILLLLL???????
U got me feelin like a psycho psycho..
Can't wait to see my baby mama black widow???
So did we just get a preview of the Winter Guard?
Black widow and red guardian friends like here
I am Optimus Prime and I send this message to any surviving auto bots taking refuge among the stars.. I send this message so our pasts will always be remembered, for in those memories we live on.
Bro the new Fast and furious looks good
Can't wait!!!! MCU has rocked the whole world! And rule the Cinema! Keep it coming please??
OMG the trailer and its music???
Course they are sisters..tehy both have that awesome husky vooce
Can Red Guardian do Squat? ?
traz ela de volta no filme dos Avengers5
Hey fellow Magyarok out there, on a scale from 0-10 how hyped are you cause I'm 11
"Mom can we Get Captain america in Black Widow Movie"
Mom: But We already have Captain America in Black Widow Movie
Captain America in Black Widow Movie: 1:34
not gonna lie, maybe the best trailer music ever
Black Widow Homecoming...
she looked like a stormtrooper in that white suit
Black widow:dies
Oh hopper from stranger things is the fat guy when stranger things season 4
Drax is also in the trailer
.
.
.
Stranger Things:
Russian Alexei joined the chat
That speedy man got beard ????!!
Does anyone has any idea about Trailer 2. When will it be coming???
Be honest... who else watched this and said what TF
Omg yes
WoW
“gUyS doNt lIke fEmAlE lED mOvIeS” 
Millions of guys will be going to see this,  not some trash 3rd remake of Charlie’s Angels ?
??
HOPPER HAHAAH
Poor Hawkeye
Jim Hopper didn't die, he transformed into Red Guardian
black widow :find my vodka
Spoiler alert: this is after Endgame
This movie is going to be the highlight of 2020 I’m calling it now ? ?
At this moment 38 million views. 2,500,890 of them are mine.
Black widow aaaaàaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
As a member of the evil patriarchy, I can’t wait to see this movie. Black widow is amazing, skillful, and she is over due for a movie. She is her own form of badass and doesn’t need to take the place of a man or demonize them. That’s y the evil patriarchy loves her. Please don’t make this movie woke. I’m expecting a great movie. The evil patriarchy doesn’t care about her gender. She is awesome and we love her.
What if Hawkeye is taskmaster ????
Black Windows
It's about bloody time
Man the winter guard
Knew
MARVEL traz a Viúva negra de Volta
Did no one learn the lessons of Highsmith and Danson?
So they’re all Russians hanging out in Russia speaking English except Black Widow who had a perfect American accent? 
I'll pass.
Wow a sister
"This is getting out of hand. Now there are two of them."
Florence Pugh!!!!
This has the winter soldier vibes
"I used to have nothing,and then I got this job, this family"
3 Black Widow and 1 Red Guardian : breathes
Taskmaster : Allow me to introduce myself
Marvel: releases Black widow's trailer
Me: she is as beautiful as the day I lost her.
Nah. No thanks
Her family: Accent as Russian as Putin
Black Widow: This is America
Captain Comrade
RIP NATASHA
Marvel: This is a prequel 
Marvel Fans: So she survived!
How unoriginal. I am gonna pass this one. ?
Nothing can keep me from sleeping tonight.
Marvel: Hold my beer
Marvel are loving fat jokes recently aren’t they?
39miliion
Captain America
Captain Britain
Why this is so sad
2019 Hopper fights a big Russian 
 
2020 Hopper is a big Russian
I’m only watching this again for Florence Pugh
And Scarlet Witch has officially lost the title of worst Russian accent ever.
nice trailer
movie kab tk aayegi yr
Man it's been 10 years. It feels weird to say this but she too old for the role now. Anyone remembers her 1st marvel appearance?
“Dude why release at 3am?”
Laughs in GMT
Wow
Feliz año.nuebo
Red Guardian: I am the fattest Marvel Character 
Thor: Hold my beer, wait actually I need that to get fat.
1:26 I think it should be taskmaster?? I’m not sure
Meh, I'm sure she'll be fine in this movie
Where's Cap??!! I miss him already.....
Roses are red 
I want Yelena and Melina 
In my bed ?
i'm digging the soundtrack for this movie
Omg I am a big fan of black widow   so I am really exectied to watch this ????
...then i got turned down by a green monster and i flung myself off the cliff of an alien planet."
It’s literally worthless trying to read any comments on YouTube now. They’re literally all the same stupid meme.
RED GUARDIAN -?
PARKER LUCINI from resident evil revelations ?
Scarlett Johansson and Florence Pugh in the same movie ???, there is a God
How comes black Widow hasn't got a Russian accent?
And all the other Russians have?
Incidentally, I know there not really Russian, anymore than Ivan Drago.
Can we talk about this trailer instead of telling it was released when everyone was asleep
tease Spoiler alert- Domino is in this movie
please tell me that this is her theme song/music
Red Guardian....
More like HOPPER!!
Had to come back and watch this again
thats gonnabe a viry nice action qadventure !!!! i know it!
0:37 black window is vietnamese??
Check out this amazing trailer right now!
?vlog??????????!
If there’s no Black Widow Movie Funko POPs I’m gonna riot sooo hard ?
Scarlett ?
Wow , that BGM ~
Cant believe my wife got the main role at last...
Miss you ?????? black widow
Watching it everyday, maybe i should stop for my own health...
I might have a theory. I wonder if Marvel might have concealed information from us like they did the last two Avengers movie. I might be wrong and have looked at some comics pages. I do wonder if there is perhaps clones of Natasha involved. She did say she lived a lot of lives. What if Natasha is really alive and she used one of her clones for the last two Avengers? They have her memories and the same combat skills as she does, or perhaps they would use her clones after Natasha’s death in Endgame?! I am just guessing...
Hopper really is in Russia ?
I don't need a female James Bond I already have one, The Black Widow.
Fans : it's gonna hell of a reunion
We Now Know Where Hopper Went!
everyone thought David was growing his beard to give us a sign that hopper was still alive for st four, he done proved all yall clowns wrong. he wasn't kidnapped by the Russians he's back as a Russian LmAo
Wooowh!
Instead of black widow already dead how come still alive on avangers?
So Black widow has a sister now?
Glad they got Hopper out of russian jail
This looks ace!!
"There was an idea..."
As of now, we are the movie of 2020 with the most views for it’s first trailer.
Me: Why is everyone commenting the exact same thing?
What I find so funny is I emailed marvel for a movie of Natasha’s backstory and here it is, most likely not inspired off my email because it was sent a couple months ago
"I see this as an absolute win"
When I saw, "this summer", ok, fine, no expection now. Really? After the final fighting then the first BW personal movies show up in the next year? She is one of the leader actors, iron man, thor, captain america, even anti man. Come on, she is a woman leader actor at Marvel series. From the first iron man came at 2008, 12years! Can you believe that? Until now? She comes? Shame.
Love this movie
Think about how much more powerful her death would have been if a movie like this came out earlier.
Where is Tony with iron man suit??
????????.
Widows dead still she has got a movie, Hawkeye  is alive but he does not have a movie ?)lol
Killing Eve vibes
Perfect song
MELINA IS TASK MASTER
Insane theory: Black widow becomes mistress death in the soul world and Thanos is there and he falls in love with her.
Aquaman joins the avengers
?????? ?????
Ive lived alot of lives
nice at least they gave her , her own movie
We'll finally get to see what happened in Budapest.
see y’all in a minute
My guest, hulk snap bring back black widow, some how she came to earth (possibly crash landing and founded by young Thunderbolt Ross
).
Are we gonna talk about how David Harbour’s character is named Alexei?
Wow
Finally, we get to see Black Widow at her best
Everyone on the west Side saying it’3am
Me: laughing at 4pm
i was worried they were going to stuff a chick flick down our throats, but marvel did a good job with captain marvel and now this looks good. congrats.
Looks awesome, but it's missing a giant bear.
I love that Hopper is in this Movie, He's been a great father
Edit: Wow thanks for the likes guys :D
MY GIRL GETTING THE RECOGNITION SHE DESERVES ??
how widow back end game he died
pass
Let's see who rocks this time....Widow VS WW.
Dikk Budapest? Varga és Társa
Please come back to life please come back to life please come back to life please come back to life PLEASE. COME. BACK. TO. LIFEEEEE...
My Mata Hari
The fappiest avenger
We cannot die twice.
The end credits scenes better not disappoint I know something's gonna be revealed about her fate. Don't worry I'm excited for the film 100000000x more than its end credits scenes, I'm just saying.
?????????
This is How you drop a trailer for the baddest female in the avengers
Yawnn
So is black widow secretly the Prowler because of the music?
I’m glad Black Widow is getting the recognition she deserves. She is such an underrated character in the MCU. This movie will fill in a lot answers of the MCU in the past phases and might foreshadow the fate of the characters in the movie. I’m hella excited.
I’m only here for Florence Pugh
For those of you who think disney+ is gonna beat out netflix...
I hope this movie doesn't have identity politics and feminism I just hope it is a good story black widow has been a good character and I hope they don't ruin her
siiiiiicckkk
To me Black Widow is going to be better than the Eternals
what
Everyone: it’s 3am
Me: laughs in European
I think taskmaster is Hawkeye.. because they talk about Budapest a lot and plus he has a bow I think that’s the twist of this movie.. by the way I have no clue who the dude in red is ?
Black Widow: I got a Movie
They: What did it cost!
She: My Life
Black widow is my favourite character
2019: Captain America vs Captain America
2020: Black Widow vs Black Widow
Is this like her past journey or just coming back from the stones
??
1:26 reminds of:
"Just like Budapest all over again..."
"... You and I remember Budapest VERY differently."
No,just no.
The fact that this is just a Black Widow movie really disappoints me. It should have been a Black Widow and Hawkeye movie
More avengers movie please marvel pleeeeeeeease
Hopper 2019: Hates Alexei
Hopper 2020: Is Alexei
I want someone who talks about the music........
Spoiler alert 
First seen her on film in "Lost in Translation." Lovely actress. ?
Black widow is my favorite avanger. She is so underrated.
0:36 Jason Bourne Vibes...
I haven’t watched this trailer in a decade!
Imagine if the post credit scene shows us Vormir in 2014. Cap just returns from there after giving Red Skull the Soul Stone. The stone vanishes and Natasha comes to life, wondering where Clint is.......     
  BLACK WIDOW WILL RETURN
Her death is suddenly sadder when you realize she infact had a family
When i saw this last month i literally screamed.
I remember in iron man 2 where natasha's eyes were very green ? so excited to watch this!
I'm ready for the hype for this movie
Oh my god this is gonna be epic
Loved the trailer ????
That blonde girls was in fighting with my fanily
David Harbour looks so hot in this!
“And I m Iron Man “
A new face of BLACK WIDOW
Best background music in this trailler???
I wish this had its own unique vibe like Thor Ragnarok. Feels too much like it fits the generic Marvel mold. Should have leaned into the spy thriller angle.
1:20 looks like a storm trooper
Trailer seen.  Now on to the 75 things I missed in it.
Marvel drops 2 minutes teaser trailer.
Looper: The Entire Black Widow Story Finally Gets Explained.
How am I a month late with this trailer!!! WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!1
This music is the best music I have ever heard
Hawkeye: WOW, after 5 movies, I never get a movie
Im making this in lego.... probably will be out by Friday January 10th
Ooooo mmmyyy ggoooddd
Does anybody know the name of the instrument/synth that's used in this trailer? The sound at :33 - :44 and throughout the rest of the vid as well
F I N A L L Y !
I'm here for Shaina West at 01:23!!! ????
Marvel: "Let's release this trailer when everyone is asleep."
Me: Laughs in India
she ded lol
??????
Marvel: releases trailer in a time window that fits most people in the world
Americans: act like Marvel kicked down their door in the middle of the night
I hope they recap something about her death or did they work out something to bring her back to life cuz so far MCU has followed a timeline that moved foward (Cap. America and Cap. Marvel had at least a scene where it catches up to the following timeline) this movie seems to be just a movie about the character Black Widow regardless of the infinity saga...
Her Vietnamese name must be Nguyen Thi Ty
Hopper was in Russia so long he actually got a Russian accent.
Hawkeye?.?
Should have came out with this movie at least 8 years ago.
Please, don't make Taskmaster just another faceless silent mook.
He's a joker on par with Deadpool, only sane and professional. Also, hello - potential Latino representation?
This is more like mission impossible rather than marvel
Stoops mcgoops
Hopper is alive!
??
0:37 C?NG HÒA XÃ H?I CH? NGH?A VI?T NAM :>
am I the only one that watch this trailer because of Hopper?
Me ? me ?
Scarlett... Ricueso Mami!!!
Eu Amo a Viúva negra
Wuw she is back
Black widow took mission impossible movie
Hello MCQ I am good actor green screen one chance for you movies
??????? ????? ???? ??????
Black widow trailer: "Nothing lasts forever"
Endgame:
Power Rangers with cool music
EREREEE
I think black window is dead  :O
She is gonna wake up on Vormir in the after credit scene
R.I.P. Natasha ...???????
Yay. A bit late but yay.
"I lived a lot of lives" but also killed
I dunno. Trailer doesn't looks particularly gripping. Will still give it a shot though.
Florence Pugh !!!!!!
Halfway in: Maybe this will be a more “down to earth” action feel with more practical and intimate fight scenes.
Last shots of trailer: Nope...but still looks cool
They should have vlamir Putin play in this movie, you know he used to be an intelligent agent. Idk but he fits in well.
wow
Could possibly be scarlett Johansson last time playing Black widow.
Soo it's set between cap 2 and avengers 2.
“It’s good to see you too, sis.”
Me: s i s
Marvel:it's time to kill black widow.
Black widow:ahhhh....it's rewind time.
"Black Widow" more like Jim Hopper as "Captain America 4 : In the Upside Down"
Edit: Thank You for the likes btw
(So goddamn fast)
Family
okay, post credit scène;
When Bruce snaps his fingers, a transition goes over to Vormir. We see the Red Skull for only 1 second, but we see his face. Confused. 
Everyone in the comment: I was about to sleep and this video was recommended to me.
Me from the other side of the world: Wow it's still afternoon here. Who sleeps this early?
Wait what ? She ded ._.
Charlie's Angels 2019:
"Men don't want women do action movies"
Marvel:
Releases this movie
Whats the point of this when we know that shes DEAD ANYWAY? They did the same crap with the movie Solo, by releasing his origin story AFTER he died already. Whats the point other than a money grab?
Endgame: black widow dies 
Marvel: ahh its rewind time
I respect those evil soldiers. They are literally free falling, possibly to their deaths because idk if they have parachutes or not, but they have the discipline to continue their duty to try to kill Black Widow despite the predicament they are in.
She finally gets the movie she deserved and oh boy are the fans happy about it.
“Agent Romanoff , I’m done running from my past“
I genuienly thought Tony Stark would appear at the end and say: "Missed me"
Thor
Tony: Does she have a family?
Cap: Yeah, us. 
2020 Marvel: She actually has her family here~~~
is this thing worth watching?
Tony - Did she have a family?
Steve - Yeah.. us .
Marvel -....
Spoiler Alert: she doesn’t die at the end, we all know that happens LATER
We all know that Iron man who might show up won't die in this movie either
01:34:00 AM
Gonna tell my kids this was deadpool
GIVE ME A BUDAPEST MOVIE
sigh the 30s aren't kind to women
queen
Ghost in the shell and Lucy vibes anyone
"I'm done running from my past"
In the scene where Natasa reviewed her pasports (0:38), her fake identity card had yellow paper with the word "Vietnam" very clearly.  This is the identification she used when operating in Vietnam?
10 years two late same for hulk should have worked with universal to give us the Mark Ruffalo hulk it could then include Avengers characters like Spider-Man did wish film studios would put there rivalry to one side and work together on projects
I. Can’t. Stop. Watching. This. I. Need. This. Movie. NOWWWW
End of the movie:
so good
why cant they put this movie be4 her death. if they puut it after then its spoiler, shes gonna win
The same music composer of The Winter Soldier (Henry Jackman - I think) is doing the music to this movie and I’m so glad. His composing style suits characters like the Winter Soldier and Black Widow so well!
In trailer Jim hopper works for the Russians
This movie really should have been rated R to tell her story right.
I can't wait to see it, finally Natasha and Johansson in the spotlight
Who's happy to see Rachel Weisz, who is close to 50 years old, looking amazing in her MCU outfit?  Well, I am.
Stranger things: David Harbour vs Russians
Black Widow: David Harbour IS THE RUSSIAN
Miss U IronMan 
 I think he is in this movie
01:40:00 AM
Wait a minute...
No...
Hes alive!
Turns out chief hopper became a superhero after being exposed to the radiation of the portal opener?
the music in this trailer, epic!
Looks good. I hope this film turns out to be really good. Scarlett Johansson as always does a great job as Black Widow. I can see that this film takes place after Civil War and before Endgame.
Omg omg omg I can’t wait I can’t wait I can’t wait!!!!! I’ve wanted this since I got into marvel
Finaaaaaallyyyy!!! I've been waiting for thissssssss
1:15 That pic is badass
we love this girl ??
This is really a start to a new age........ this is really (IMO) the Iron Man 1 for marvel. I have faith that the end credits will definitely have teasers to something that we’re not used to. After all, this isn’t the infinity saga anymore
Oh darling! I missed you.
when I saw chief hopper in that outfit...
1:51 scene was awsome.
Did anyone else think the white suit looked like a stormtrooper suit no.....just me.....ok
The dislikes are almost 40k :(
Darn. Im so hyped
AoU (flashback in teaser)
I love rachel wesz, she is my idol..
If you were here within an hour 
Like
Spoiler: She makes it out alive, AND joins a team later on, wonder what it will be called, how about, the Marvel League
Thats a pretty hardcore origin story 
wait a minute...
He estado toda mi vida preguntándome si había o tenian q hacer una pelicula de la viuda negra 
Q guay????
Elizabeth Banks: “Men don’t want to see a movie that stars powerful women.”
Marvel: “Gurl, nobody wanted to see YOUR movie!” ???
omg...actor from stranger things?!
Red guardian look like Jake from mr beast
ugh SHES SO COOL im absolutely inlove with her
Who was jumping with joy when David Harbour appeared
Sho*u*lder
*Should*er
S*ho*u*ld*er
S*h*ould*er*
OMG OMG Jim Hopper is in the black widow movie OMG
The etarnals treilar upload piz
It would be awesome if it came out on the 14 my bday
Refugio para los que hablan español
Solo cuesta un like
I KNEW ma gal would be 1# on movie trending!
Where is her bloody peanut butter sandwich ???
LeTs ReLeAsE tHiS wHeN eVeRyOnE’s- bro shut up no one cares ur not funny
Ok, hold up! Who farted just now?
Y'all, at this point I just want some spoilers lmao like, is Yelena gonna die? Is Melina gonna die? Because yo, I'm here for the women (and for the fact that I'm a HUGE mcu fan lol, still mostly for women) and I love both Flo and Rachel so it would suck if their characters would die just like that ???
This looks like it has the potential to be as good as Captain America: Winter Soldier.
Wow the first phase 4 movie
Reason Red Guardian’s so obese is cuz he hasn’t fought since 1991.
americans: why did they release this when the whole world was asleep?
also americans: so the US isn’t the whole world?
jim hopper is back
Sorry all because i love new york. Good bye all. My location not new york.
You didn't have to do Tasky so dirty like that...
Are we going to talk about how David Harbour did a “Henry Cavill reloading of the fists” at 1:46 ???
Taskmaster is in this movie
Hollywood, this is what female empowerment looks like, not Charlie's Angels.
who like black widow like and reply
When you sibling kills you in Minecraft than gives your diamonds back
Probably gonna go on r/comedycemetery but worth it
So this takes place before infinity war and Endgame because her hair is plain red. We see flashbacks from Avengers and Avengers Age of Ultron, so it takes place after those 2 movies. I'd say it takes place between Age of Ultron and Civil War or between Civil War and Infinity War. The voice over from Endgame is probably just to get us excited.
Hasan background
Endgame was good but did iron man and black widow needed to die. I'm still not over it.?
Marvel : "let's make everyone write the same comment"
What is the name of the trailer music?
Is this Rated R?
marvel ended after endgame
I think that sis of black widow is from midsommar
If Russia n UsA work together.... the world will know peace once more.
Not gonna bother watching it. I would have watched black widow if it had come out after captain marvel or black panther and . But not after endgame why bother.
Mn ?i ai ch?a coi MV canh ba thì vô coi nhà ?
Stranger things:
Hopper: dies
Marvel:
so wait did she return from the dead?
Marvel studios ?
? wish game marvel film ?
?????????
I hope the plot of the movie reveals that Natasha and the rest of the widows also had the BLACK WIDOW PROGRAM SERUM injected on them which enhances immune system, slowed ageing, heal wounds fast and has superhuman abilities (in combat) just like the super solder serum they put on Steve and Bucky but less viable. In the comics all of of the Black Widows in the red room had this serum after their graduation.
Hopper
Marvel yes I love you
did anyone ever wondered why did Nat dyed her hair in IW ... Like i read somewhere a theory or whatever its because after what happened in civil war she didn't wanted to be recognized but bc we know that after civil war comes this the BLACK WIDOW film and we now know that her hair is still red here i think that whatever made her decide to dye her hair happens in this film ...and i think it has to do something with Yelena..
What name film joker ??
everyone: "...when everyone sleeps"
Trailer: 2.5 million views in 4 hours"
Captain Rosija
i movie about a dead person...nice
??
I thought she died in the endgame
And
No,just no.
Pg13
black widows story's it took event after Captain America Civil War
Yeaaaaa no
Zapraszam do mnie na kana? b?d? si? pojawia? filmy zwi?zane g?ównie z pirote
Hopper! So he's in Russia
Man, Scarlett Johansson is still smoking hot after all these years.
Stranger Things: Hopper hates Russians  
Marvel: He is Russian
So Woman + Leather suit + Guns = Super hero?
Me: Oh I'm not that excited for this movie.
See's David Harbour
Also me: This is the way.
ok so hear me out i hate the fact that she finds family and that they become one big super happy family and stuff the whole role of Black widow is that she's a loner that had a horrible past yah i was expecting that she make some new friends but really she finds her parents and all that shez i just don't like it. that was just my opinion
???
Why do I feel like we’re all going to have a Russian accent after this movie
At 1:26 the guy shooting the arrow seems like he could be Taskmaster.
For anyone wondering:
This movie takes place after Civil War
Marvel 2019: Black widow Dies!
Marvel 2020: Let's get back in time!
?????? ?????? ? ??????? ???? ???? ??????? ?????? ??????
spoiler- Taskmaster- Barton!
I'm here hyped up for the music in this trailer
It’s the guy that was hitting on Captain Marvel!
Does anyone get Killing Eve vibes from natasha's sister
I didn't realize that's Florence Pugh! I just saw her in Little Women she's so good! I'm so excited for this I've been waiting for  a long time!??
red guardian look like thor and cap rolled into one
i'm not really into marvel movies, only watched few of them. but i'm definitely gonna watch this one on cinemas. this hypes me up real bad i dunno why. hahaha
Marvel making every superhero fat since 2019
Watching this after watching the snl version of this movie
0:21 But, nothing last forever, we can change the future
-alucard
0:44 - 1:09 Ladies and gentlemen, that's how you welcome your visitors.
That means next time we would have back Iron Man film
Because he is dead and he will respawn like Black Widow did
The views count suddenly stopped!? Hope Its a technical glitch
12:20:00 AM
But nothing last forever
Alucard
1:51 Endgame Foreshadowing OwO
Finally, we get to know what happened in Budapest ?
So this is what they did to Hopper......they turned him into one of THEM!!! RUSSAIN!!!
Have to see this! ?
????? ??? ? ? ? ? ??~
1:45 best thing on the trailer
Hoppers got some explaining to do to joyce lol
FLOTT! Jeg inviterer deg til profilen min :): *
“You got fat”, even in movie trailers I get called fat xD
I love the sound they used
are we going to find out what happened in Budapest?
Love u
How me and my sisters greet each other on a daily basis
She doesn't even have powers and she's more badass than Captain Marvel.
where is iron man?
either way, Hoppers in Russia
Marvel: Let’s release this trailer when everyone’s asleep
Australians: Laughs in upsidedown
omg.. that Florence Pugh right
APPROVED
Omg omg omgggg
Tony: Do we know if she had family?
Steve: Yeah, us.
Bring on the wokeness
Spoiler alert!!
Florence my fave.
Everyone else : Laughing.
Me, an intellectual : Actually watching the trailer.
I already want this soundtrack aaaaa
So excited for it ??? 
People in 2008 "oh what a movie"
Me in the present "oh, you ain't seen nothing yet!"
Who else is happy this will be part of their childhood
My child: Daddy! Who were the Avengers?
Me: Oh boy, this is gonna be a long story. It started with a man in a cave.....
If only Stan Lee were able to see this masterpiece
Imagine seeing that trailer before they started this whole thing.
“Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened” 
Dr. Seuss
"What a world. Universe Really"
Also the best part about this trailer. Is the fact that Tony narrates it
*Send this back to 2008
People in 2008: *speechless
When Tony said "This is the path I started us on "
Apparently the entire saga lasts over 3000 minutes. This takes "I love you 3000" to a whole new level.
Iron Man
The Incredible Hulk
Iron Man 2
Thor
The full quote of Vision was “A thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts, it’s beautiful because it happened”
Isn't it hard to believe that this trailer isn't 100% fake?
"this is the path I started us on"
CHILLS.
who else missing ironman??
THE HEART OF MCU
To me the infinity saga is perfect in almost every way. It’s sets the standard bar so high for future adaptations, to the point that even if they don’t make any future films the MCU will still remain to be one of the greatest cinematic universe
?The Infinity Saga
?Captain America: First Avenger - Avengers: Endgame
Iron man was not only building an armor,he was building the mcu
I thought I was over Endgame, but when Tony said:"I am Iron Man" I was crying again
"This Is the path I started us on"
When RDJ said “this is the path i started us on”  
It felt so satisfying???
When you take a step back, you realize how big the MCU has gotten.
The should've put the lines of "There was an idea..." With every character saying his line that would've been epic
”A thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts”
Truly the best quote of the mcu
Glad to see that they included "The Incredible Hulk" scenes in this Infinity Saga trailer
I felt like the MCU is my kid and I am watching him grow up
Feels so long ago that Loki was the biggest threat to the Avengers... ?
“A thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts”
1:38 Proceeds to show Spider-Man ?
.
Man it’s nuts, I was trying to get this girl to start watching the MCU. She was like what is it about?
I was like “There was an idea ...”
Literally happened on thanksgiving 2019
Liked, commented, subscribed 
Him: How lucky do you feel to win this play station?
Marvel: how about a box set of all the movies ? 
Us: Shut it and take our money ?
I have never been more proud to be a Marvel fan!
“Saga” I like the sound of that.
“A thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts”
*Shows clips of spidey
This will end up being one of the greatest comic film stories ever.
“Epic forces of darkness and light” 
goosebumps
I miss you Tony
Grandchildren: grandpa,  have you witnessed a great war?
GrandMe: yes. First,  there was an idea...
Marvel is taking all of my money. And i will keep giving them. ?
“A thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts”
?
Edit: Nevermind he’s back lol
"Tony Stark was able to build this universe in a cave, with a box of scraps"...
If the ancient one said “death is what gives life meaning” after vision spook it would make this video even more perfect
The MCU:
The Inifinity Saga:
Iron Man
The Incredible Hulk
"This was the HD commercial" 
**plays in potato
1:11 This puts a smile to my face.
I got goosebumps watching this and teared up when Iron Man gave his iconic line in Endgame.
I would have laught if this was in hear.
Thor:bring me thanos!!!
without iron man mcu is nothing love you 3000 times tony stark
Imagine, this is just the beginning
I can't wait for this to be released. I plan to get this for my dad as he's a big Marvel fan.
This would’ve been an epic post credits scene for Endgame
0:52 I remember going nuts when watching the civil war trailer, it made me feel like I'm in 2016 again
Also that score, I love it.
THIS BRINGS MORE THAN A DAMN SMILE TO MY FACE
When it said “a thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts” over Spider-Man ?
Thank you Marvel Studios 
The MCU:
Iron Man 
Damn actually started crying watching this. This was and will always be my childhood. Love the mcu 3000
Tony wasn't making the suit in the beginning, he was making the MCU for what it was
I had chills and tears while watching this the whole time!!!
It literally made me so happy they included The Incredible Hulk Footage
The goosebumps and nostalgia.  Love the music mash up
iron man / tony stark – baymax / hiro hamada
captain america / steve rogers – hiccup
big hero 6
give me a pack of tissues , i can't hold my cry anymore ????
still, those sounds of hammer are stucked in my mind...this is how he started?
Nothing will ever come close to the infinity saga
1st
"A thing isn't beautiful because it lasts."
In other news, Phase 4 has been announced and Phase 5 is in development...
This infinity saga is cool, hope it comes with digital copies as well.
“What a world”
Vision: a thing isn't beautiful because it lasts.
Kevin feige: InTroDUcEs PhAse 4 LinEUp
I'm Still Waiting For Captain America 4: The Search For Black Widow!??????????????????????????????
Who are watching it after desi nerd told leave  a like
Iron man started and ended with the same line " I am Iron man"
01:50:00 AM
"the one who knocks"
I’ll probably buy it just so I can show my kids some day
"Mokton! Shibak Tensei!" Hashirama yells and BANG!! all the avengers dies. 
Hehe sorry couldn't help it
“Nothing is beautiful because it lasts” 
You could just tell that quote went straight for avatar! Avatar lasted long, but it wasn’t beautiful.
A Soldier,A Man In a Cave,A Mythic Alien and A Gama Expert started this beautiful masterpiece
Endgames to the end trailer but they actually included the 2008 Hulk this time
What a world universe now
Starlord's gadget is SONY. That means that gadget will no longer exist in MCU too?
I love the trailer! This summer I decided to take my 8 year old son through all “21, wait no 22” movies, in the order they came out, by years end. We are watching GOTG on Friday night. It truly is a Saga and a masterpiece of epic proportions.  It’s been really cool for him to see some of these for the first time in his minds eye as he was very young when he saw some (winter soldier) in the theatre.  I can’t wait to show him this trailer.
03:32:00 AM
best Hulk <333 ??
"A thing isn't beautiful because it lasts."
Shows Spider-Man
I found a picture of this man in ur stuff
 Tony Stark*
Bro I thought this was fanmade but I now realize..
This is real
Vision: A thing isn’t beautiful because it last
2:21 me: it’s a privilege to be among them
I CANNOT WAIT FOR THIS! My girlfriend has never watched them! This will be perfect!!!!
Rip tony stark 
????
????
?? (?`v´?)
???` .¸.  ? 3000
For your kind information to save your 3 minutes  no more frenchaise of avengers is coming because 
Tony stark? died??
Thor had  gone to garduian of galaxy 
"What sweet ride has been" EPIC!!!
This would be perfect birthday present to receive but my birthday is long gone. ?
“Things aren’t beautiful because they last” said right after Spider-Man
Wish they finished with “nobody knows,the trouble I’ve seen “....arrow guy ?
The Ultimate Best Perfect Legendary MCU Infinity Saga Trailer Masterpiece!
I've always felt this constant desire to express my gratitude to you sir, but could never find enough words to do that. The selfless efforts you have always made to motivate and guide me to move ahead, always inspire me.
Although every success seems small compared to what you've given me, but I'll keep making every effort possible to make you feel proud of your student.
2:16 Tony stark really made peace in the world
Man this takes me back to all the hype we had before Avengers Endgame
That metal clanging in the beginning still gets me everytime
“A thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts” 
But it is beautiful when it lasts just a bit longer.
Thanos: I am...inevitable
Tony Stark: And I.....am......Iron Man
Favourite part of the trailer
One day I will show this amazing universe to my children, that day I will feel that I was a great father.
How do you think they'll do it when they inevitably do the "THE INFINITY SAGA" returns to theaters run?  in I don't know 20 years, probably sooner considering how stuff goes nowadays
Avengers was when I entered middle school. Endgame when I left high school.
Part of the journey is the end
Who else got goosebumps?
I love how Vision is the main voice. It’s like the Vision talking for the MCU. Absolutely brilliant.
The only movie title that was missing at the end was Black Panther
So sad that this started the same year I was born and Iron man and black widow where always my favorite superhero’s then endgame came out and I had to say bye bye to them forever.
Hey i have a question: did you see the scene where antman was supposedly hot wiring the van then after that clint gave the glove to black panther.  When black panther was going towards the van you will see the antman in giant form holding a flying alien and stuffing it in ine of the holes!
Can't believe how lucky I am to be able to see all of this happen
1:39 “A thing isn’t beautiful because it lasts”
Spider-man appears on screen
WHY???
The Infinity Saga was probably the greatest thing to ever happen to Cinema.
Lord of the Rings, Star wars, EVEN HARRY POTTER.  Wouldn't be able to top the epicness that was...
THE MARVEL CINEMATIC UNIVERSE.
That was the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen??
Every time I watch this trailer and reminisce about everything they've accomplished since the first Iron Man it brings a tear to my eye.
Love this! And I would love to win the Infinity Saga box set!!
"And I am Iron Man", still gives me the chills!
Each and every scene still give me chills, especially I am Iron Man scene...
Gonna miss this beautiful journey a lot...
2:27 How could they miss out the BLACK PANTHER title logo which earned them $1.23 B? ?
I wish I was old enough to get a job and buy this
This is part of my childhood and all I would ever want is to Store the Infinity Saga in a Safe place, forget anything about the MCU
Then in the right time, in adulthood, I lay in a Couch With my wife and kids and tell them an amazing story about the Infinity Saga
MCU has created such a universe which made our generation memorable
Dude this got me emotional! But I'm fine you know. Many more great times for the MCU are ahead of us.
The only thing that would make this so much better if Stan Lee said "exclsior" at the end
Just re-watched the final fight in Endgame the other day, now I think I'll go back and watch a few more massive battles :)
Thanks for Marvel Movies Collection
Iron Man
The Incredible Hulk
Bruh imagines a time traveler putting this out as a trailer for the MCU. Before ironman 1 came out.
I was 6 years old when I first saw iron man, I'm glad that I got to grow up watching them
Imagine if Stan Lee narrated this
I can't wait! My childhood dreams turned into film. I can't wait for this release
"What a world ... universe now" you know what Tony? 
You are absolutely right 
Thank you Stan Lee
Thank you Kevin Feige 
Such a great trailer. I wonder how many hours that took to make (or just to find the right clips... so many hours)
There was a dream, that became an idea. It blossomed into a beautuful vision!
I like how they had Vision say “something isn’t beautiful because it lasts” as we see shots from spider man movies
As phenomenal as this it is, I'd like it a bit more if Far From Home wasn't in it. I'd prefer the Infinity Saga by itself and have it end with Endgame rather than an intro to Phase 4 because then it's like the saga ends on a cliffhanger.
Infinity Saga will end up being the best cinematic series ever made. Glad I was around to see it.  Like Tony said, “What a ride”. ?????????
Looking forward to adding the Infinity Saga to my collection
I love the infinity saga so much! Such a wonderful beautiful continuous story that they have achieved
This is the first I've heard of this. I've been a bit out of the loop. I want!
That's the best trailer I've ever seen
Wow me encanto increible resumen del ucm 
Marvel TE AMO 3000
this is just a compilation of scenes from the movies so far :(
One guy started all this and he died :(, what an amazing journey, never saw a movie franchise like this ...
How can they hype me up for the movies I've already watched
Ugh, I honestly don’t care about the cost. That saga is my childhood and then some. I need this to have as a prized possession for the grandkids.?
The level of commitment MCU put into all of this is incredible, now if they'd just elevate to number of units for this boxset
2:04 this give me chill
Y esta es solo la primer saga del anime "MARVEL" :v
I love how they included the hammering into the theme song, Very nice touch!
The epic trailer of 22 movies combined.
I need a hero just as smart as Tony in the MCU! A main character we can follow that invents cool stuff & is extremely intelligent!!!
I tried to look this up after seeing this, and I couldn't find the product itself (I can look harder, or wait of course) but I did see an article pointing out Black Panther was missing from the lineup. Now I don't think this is any more than an oversight, but I'm wondering if people can spot any other titles missing. I can't think of one myself.
From Start to End Goosebumps guaranteed ??
Damn makes me realize how much we’ve been taking the MCU for granted.
What an amazing 10 years, to be a comic book fan.
I haven't been such a geek since these movies. I've grew up reading the comics but wow. Thank you marvel studios. You did well. Let's see what is next?
“We are not makers of history, we are made by history”
I STARTED SHOUTING WHEN I SAW THE INCREDIBLE HULK, THANK YOU JESUS
It started with Iron Man and ended with him.
Such a beautiful trailer of the Infinity Saga.
I was just talking to my boy about them putting out a full set of all of these movies. this is dope.
Its all over and this still speaks to my heart. Avengers forever!
And this is just the first saga of the marvel anime :v
The theme?????
The sounds of striking iron still gives me chills
I’m really looking forward to this...
This video is absolutely amazing. How did you able to have an amazing channel like this ? Continue inspiring others by your video.
Iron Man is the coolest ? Hero  I like,  and now he's gone ?I want him back in avengers plz plz plz?
Vision: A thing isn't beautiful, because it lasts...
Me, still not over it: BUT SPIDER-MAN IN THE MCU WOULD HAVE BEEN BEAUTIFUL!  \;O;/
This is an incredible universe marvel created, I can wait to see more
It’s been an unforgettable journey
was expecting avengers theme at the end there haha
Imagine editing all 50 hours worth of footage for (an awesome) 3 minute video ?
And I am Iron Man?
Oh yes, I need me the Infinity Saga set!
? if this isn’t under my Christmas tree, I’m disowning EVERYBODY!!!
The iron man 3 theme sounds amazing and then it mixed with the captain america theme.. why doesn't they use those theme more often ?
So universal let MARVEL use incredibly hulk footage for this trailer (unlike the to the end endgame trailer) but Sony wouldn't let them use homecoming and far from home footage. I mean ffh ended this saga
And, I AM. IRONMAN, still gives me chills!
We were all there for phase one. Now to "infinity" and beyond!
OMG I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS BUNDLE!!!!!!!!!
0:47 you felling it now mr krabs?
I can't imagine Marvel Studios ever topping The Infinity Saga at this point, but we'll just have to wait and see.
D ... did ... they just mash up marvel themes into one giant theme
Oh my oh my
Ladies and gentlemen! It's time for round two
Anyone else notice the theme songs for (almost) each avenger? 
Crying ???
Cool! Was really wondering at first what the Infinity Saga was
Thank you Jon Favreau for starting this beautiful ride!!
They've achieved far more than I think anyone had dared expect. Hope for, sure.
Im so looking forward to this set!
This makes me want to go watch ALL of the movies all over again....again. lol
Awesome trailer, love the RDJ voiceover
I'm excited to own ALL of the Infinity Saga movies!
amazing and emotional at the same time
I love it!!!
I wanna get this BUUUUUUT it's 550 dollars
BUUUUUUT my birthday is soon and i wanna get it for my bday
I may already own all the movies but now I can get the set thing
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL ???
Epic videos like this make me want to watch every marvel movie in proper order on an all day and night binger pounding Rockstar energy drinks!
Literally wanted to start crying bc honestly Tony was THE reason this all started and now he’s gone and this trailer is a beautiful tribute to him. Wonderful job
This made me so emotional
In the future....
"Dad, what was the best collection of superhero movies ever?"
Imagine being the one who has to go through 22 movies to make a cut of one trailer
Beautiful??
YOOOOO I need to see this!!!
I already have the all the sets ?
The three hammer sounds that iron man makes was also hinting the three phases of marvel movies
and I am IRON MAN <3
Give this man an Oscar for this edit ??
I NEED THIS SOUNDTRACK!!?
OMG I THOUGHT THIS WAS FAN MADE FOR A SEC XDD
Now, i want the SAGA Set. Even though, i have all the movies, i even have , The HULK...?
Love the Marvel movies. Can't wait for what awaits us these coming years...
This has cuts almost as fast as the average fight scene
They should make a full movie of all the mcu films in order and I would watch that
Screw the paradoxes and destruction of our universe as the result: I would soooo love to take this trailer back in time and show it to Stan Lee or Steve Ditko, even Jack Kirby, just to give them a hint of the legacy they were building by writing "colorful throw-away stories for children."  Can you imagine seeing this through Stan Lee's eyes in 1975? 1980? Even in the mid nineties, when Marvel was about to go bankrupt?
Here is a verse if anyone wants it: Ephesians 4:29
Jesus loves you all :)
Wow this is sooo amazing...its been a journey ?
So gonna get all of the Marvel movies! Such an amazing saga!!
Hawkeye scenes were very less,though he is one of the first 6 avengers
Cool ! Iron man really made marvellous history of marvel
This Is One Of The Best Marvel Trailer Ever!!! I’m so Excited For This Movie Name “The Infinity Saga”
2:15  Spider Gwen on the left.
My heart... ??
This actually made me tear up...
What a great trailer..can’t wait for it to be released!
w-- whaiitt!! im confused
ammmmmmazing-and thats all i could say..
Raise your hand if you’re getting that box set ?????
Friend: What kind of music do you listen to
Me:
Tony Stark is legend and my god
If only Minecraft revived earlier.. it could've been in Endgame instead of fontanite
Missed quicksilver ??
From a man with super-soldier power to another man who simply snaps his finger just to save the whole Universe
Too rich for my blood, I already own about half of them anyway
Love the trailer.
This made me tear up, man...this was such a good adventure and I cannot wait until this comes out
Memes in 2050 be like:
AnYoNe WhO ReMeMbErS CaPtAiN AmErIcA cAn LiKe ThIs ComMeNt
Marvel cinematic universe is incomplete
ay need that ps4 bro i did everyting u asked for my g haha
I STILL GET GOOSEBUMPS HEARING THE AVENGERS THEME SONG
And for next three years we might see another super super heroes coming in avengers6
I would like to have a PS4 Pro ?
Is our world  really ready for the inevitable??
Ironman started the infinity saga
And ended it ??
Just like that
So iron man's journey started and ended with two baldies
it feels like the first iron man came out last year... man what a journey
Kevin Feige was able to build MCU in bankruptcy, With a box of scraped superheroes and a talking raccoon.
The infinity saga is like a promotion toward the collection of the infinity saga itself
I'm just so happy with how marvel is doing it's movies and how they are incorporating everything
Well, take my money now!
I wish that I could win a game system. This was my comment. lol
I watched Marvel my entire life, it's sad that Tony died I was crying almost whole movie.
Everything Begins with the Thriller sound of Hammer on Iron sheet???????????????????????????
Awesome they should have shown the scene in thor ragnarok where he had his lightning powers
1:59 best
Can’t wait for this release !!
Not to be dramatic or anything but I would die for a box set of The Infinity Saga
Um iron man is gone he’s never coming back
Epic Trailer.....Miss u Mr. Stark and Love You 3000.....
Some people thought when iron man came out it would prob fail. They never expected something this big
Absolutely dope. I want this
It looks good but I am sure it will cost an arm and a leg or just your first born
might have to get this set when it come out
And that's my entire childhood wrapped up in 2:40 minutes
recut this with just Iron Man 
Check out Marvel Characters Who Are Worthy Of Lifting Mjolnir over at CBR! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDVRjwNmFes
Deadpool lifting Mjolnir wouldn't surprise me. He's meant to be an illogical character, so why would he follow its rules?
You forgot the most important person
Hela
she held it AND broke the hammer
8:18 at the bottom left corner. "Avengers: Infinity Wat"
Maybe the narrator should revisit his definition of "being worthy."
MCU character who lifted the hammer
Odin
Thor
Vision
Two things wrong with the vision part.
1.even if he was just a machine the "Mind Stone"  is technically the purist and most worthy "living" thing in eternity.
Vision could lift it because he has the FREAKING MIND STONE IN HIS HEAD, not because he isn't alive
Nat is worthy to wield it. 
Nat you will never be forgotten.
02:30:00 AM
Someone: whats your faveorite movie?
Me: Ah its gotta be Avengers: Infinity Wat
"15 characters who lifted mjolnir"
first character: dosent actually lift mjolnir
am i a joke to you?
You keep going back to body counts being a disqualifier from being worthy, but one of the conditions for being worthy is being willing to kill...
Sorry for the two comments but read what's written in the down left corner
08:20:00 AM
Infinity "Wat"
wa*t*
04:50:00 AM
"Father.."
0:29 Ah yes, my favourite movie hero, Skeleton Fortnite guy.
*Talks about Marvel characters*.    
Shows a picture of Superman
“Top 10 unworthy YouTube channels that went viral”
I did not even know 15 people could lift Mjolnir
What about the coat rack? He’s one of my favorite characters of all time!
Does vision count as a person since he’s literally a infinity stone 
The way she says "Hey Peter Parker" is so hot for some reason
Spider-Man: about to die
Every female marvel hero: hold my beer
Spider-Man: Hey, I'm Peter Parker
Marvel with the other females: Ara~ara~ Peter Parker, you got something for us
"I had to beat an old lady with a stick to get this."
Peter Parker: *Exist
Every female super hero: ????
That "Hey peter parker" melted me how can she SOUND so hot?
"Hey Peter Parker"
" I want to speak with your manager"
1:05 thanos: do you know how expensive that ship was
I love how Thanos pretty much starts to panic after Captain Marvel shows up.
1:05 Thanos wondering if he did something wrong in a past life.
01:05:00 AM
Thanos: I knew I should’ve gotten space ship insurance
Marvel:How much Epic Entry u want?
Captain Marvel: Yes
Can we just appreciate Rocket's reaction when he realised it was Carol, that one has really the same energy in the IW scene where Bruce literally boast-cheered when Thor came in with a flying axe??we stan supportive friends
Captain marvel :Hey Peter parker,you got something for me??
Tobey Maguire: You will get this when you will fix this damn door!!
rocket protecting groot coz he can't bear losing him for the third time my heart hurts :(
01:18:00 AM
Peter: Hi, I’m Peter Parker......
Carol: Hey Peter Parker, ya got something for me?
(Queue the pornhub intro)
Damn peter looks like life betrayed him
one like=hope for peter
Okoye: Why was she up there all this time?
1:05 Thanos is like "My god, my self from this timeline really pissed people off..."
Captain Marvel: Destroys 5-mile-wide spaceship just by touching it
25 female Avengers 2 minutes later: Don't worry... She's got help 
3:19 Dr. Connors when you miss his class
hulk running and destroying things lady: yeah!
6:11 there is a ghost while groot jumping
the "Tell my mom  i love her" lady is getting very annoying
These sound effects are pretty nostalgic.
Best Lego game of all time
Am  I the only one that thinks the venom screech is creepy, but cool at the same time?
How can I unlock rick jones,thanos,kurse dark world and more characters?
Slow down n show the names smh
Where is ravage?
thx this video.
Tbh groot was kinda lazy
Thanos is avaliable in PS3?
TeLl mY mOM I LoVe hER
This is PS3 right?
I have a custom Character code | D VC |
I like Thanos venom and lizard ?
SUPER COOL!!!??????
I like 
Hulk buster and 
They were not comfortable 
YES! MARVEL PRODUCE THE STAR WARS COMICS! :D
11:13 MeOw!!
03:07:00 AM
This should say Spiderman, not Hulk
4:03 wow cool IT TWERKS
Wait....Spidermans biggest fan is called Hulks Biggest fan????
You forgot me ??
Tik took man read my mind in an ad my veggie was carrot
Jimmy :( dies )
Me: this what happens when you watch too much avengers
we can safely conclude that deadpool fanhood is handed down the family.
6:54 is my favourite part
Theres alot of ketchup in this animation
Hey Deadpool‘s biggest fans name is actually Ryan I see what you did there Ryan Reynolds
The epitome of an easily manipulated person/kid
3:07 they made a mistake it’s Spiderman’s BIGGEST fan
Thano’s biggest fan also could’ve drew the lines on his chin lol
Please do text in french!
5:21 did anybody know that the spider near its head is the herbaltoons but upside down .-.
15:44 scp 106 has broken out of the facility of gate a
Only OG’s remember 
Hulk injecting steroids in himself
Lol.I keep getting this ad and it's a scene from venom when he eats the robber
In 17:47 that dude on top of his head says the f word off
17:12 wolverines?!
3:03 now hulk is in a game called insonl from ROBLOX
22:38 Lil John In The Video.WHAT!
3:20 lol
HOLYJESUS THE RINGS R MADE OF THEY STONES
6:31 omg
6:40 your welcome
04:37:00 PM
Name reavel
4:59 did u get my text massage
Herbltoons is funny
06:26:00 AM
Wait the spider said dont use those web shooters and here he is using them
When that girl said meow I was laughing ?
12:30:00 AM
Just say “Rocket! I was looking for you.”
17:26 When a lvl 1 crook Steve tries killing a lvl 99 Boss Steve w/ Diamond armour
Spider mans voice sounds like that kid from Hamster Hell
1:30 lmaooooooo his balls are smaller
The MCU just got dark
01:08:00 AM
Good man!
9:24 XD LOL
6:35 really...
4:58 did u get my text massage
13:27 Shelly
Ok when thanos cry’s his animate face wow to funny
Thanos one got me laughing.
sad music starts oh
when you realize you been watching for 25 minutes
4:19 that censor tho XD
The moral of this video: do not think about it.
2:24 how hulk was made
11:09 wolverines nose looks like a 
P?n?s
No Groots biggest fan
WE ARE GROOT
Imagine Thanos just breathing like that when Thor hits him right in the chest."Ahhaaaa"!
6:30 Why?
This Is my mom when i tell he about god 3:31
1:28 lol "it" shrunk lol
The real Deadpool would be proud of that kid
He is insane and hilarious
17:00 franklin micheal and Trevor
You know I can see through the censors right?
6:32 jaja 
Quien lo diría hopper si está vivo solo se fue a marvel
Algo es seguro...
Llegué más rápido que mi tío entrando a mi cuarto.
Dios porque te la llevaste! Mejor llevate a Parker!!!
Eso si, no se le quita la belleza a Scarlett johansson
A los fan's de marvel de verdad les llama la atención esta película???????? o solo van a ver a la scarlett!!!
No es lo que esperaba, pensé que iba a tratar sobre su historia entrenando y así hasta el presente, pero me alegro que salga al fin la película.
Y aun así, no se parece en nada a Budapest xd
Todavía sigo con la pequeña ilusión de ver a Tony stark regresar a la vida
OMG QUE EMOCIÓN
El prisas is here :v
Yo esperaba ver algo de Budapest :'v
Que bueno que este Hooper
Me emocioné tanto que hasta se me paró tantito... ? ? ?
Yo quiero verla sobrevivir a los acontecimientos de #endgame ?
Casi lloro d la emoción, alguien más ?
1:25 los nano trajes de crysis
Wooow no puedo con la emoción :D
Estará increíble esta pelí ??
Son las 3:30 de la mañana y solamente estoy despierto por está razón, ver el tráiler de black widow ? 
Had to laugh at wonder woman's gender change.
Most of the gender swaps are already real characters :/
The girl version of Thanos kinda looks like an ML (Mobile Legends) character ????
Did anyone see that their was two Thor’s
Some were good. Some were lame. Some were characters that ALREADY EXISTED AND NOT A GENDER SWAP.!!!!!!!!!.
0:06 WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT HER
Some off the art here are thier wives,daughter,or alternate universe versions
"BLACK PANTHER"????
Who thinks the first Male version of Harley Quinn looks like k-pop
0:55 oh HELL NO ?
Please never show the female version of Thanos my eeeeeeyyyyyyeeeeesssss
Why do I feel like if the Joker were a woman, people would ship her with Batman...like no
Me: biggest fan of joker
Also me: sees girl joker OMFG SO HOT
I wish these characters would meet in real life and either be like,
" Hey ! It's my long-lost twin !" Or be like,
"Hey! It's my next date?!"
Deadpool girl version is HOT....outside....but how about the INSIDE MUTATION
0:06 woah she looks epic! why is nobody talking about this shame on you all
2:17why do I prefer the gender swapped version!?
The first male version of Harley Quinn is way hotter ???
Who else thinks the female version of C. A is thicc
2:47 OmG,what is wrong with his leg?! ?? 
Apparently, when Tony snapped his fingers,  2 things happened.  Thanos was erased from existence and so was 90% of this comment section's ability to spell and use proper grammar.
"It can't possibly get any worse than Thanos"
Galactus: Hold my beer
Thanos:I'm the most powerful enemy for the avengers
Galactus:Hold my planet
Galactus finna b live when he comes to the mcu ?
We all know that Galactus is the enimie why can't the real avengers finish this war
1:25 was that captain marvel looking at Galactus
I think I"m done with the MCU, as they've killed off most of the good characters. Someone else can watch all the race and gender swapping.
the video*the avengers will return *john cena are you sure about that
That line is from Pacific Rim by Stacker Pentecost
They have a time machine they should go back and save iron man
1:02 1:03 seriously now the Movie (??????????)
They should’ve named him eagle ? cause you know...falcon...America
"PHASE 5 MARVEL MOVIE"? I thought only phase 4 just started
oh my God! A,S ???
Dude you should have warned that it was a conceptual trailer in the title !!
I cant see this movie and any other part of this movie without tonny stark and other old avengers ( those who are ready like and comment me)
Like si te diste cuenta de q el fondo musical era del trailer de it 2
We need TONY STARK Back. As IRON MAN
I can't wait to see this the hype train is here again
when you steal shots from fantastic 4 2 to make an avengers trailer
that would be like if dc released a trailer for a new justice league using shots of green lantern 
Somos expertos en Funko Pop! Si te gustan los Funko Pop mira estos videos de Tops de Funko Pop: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho_8rNNq8M8&list=PLiEB3OGNeJPbIxiZsAvTxAch86hQtL6-R
"Hey, mi hanno rubato il carretto dei gelatiii!!"
Groot <3
Hahaha
I really really like it and very funy
Spider mannnnnn....??
Very funny
????
Wdwdwd keren juga ya???mungkin mereka melakukan ltu
????????????????????????????
,kkmjhbu
This Hulk is very cute lol
Thiago Ribei
Wagu
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
good so cool
2
2
Hoña puedes encontrar un vídeo de deadpool de funko para el 2020
ERIC
hotslut.ru 
12:40:00 AM
1980
Tad
????????? ?????
Son las mejores peleas
I have Deadpool ant man and spiderman
Fhhf fa cho em ?i ch?i ?âu không ph?i d?ng
LUCU BANGET FILMNYA
Good movie cuhhhh
Hulk is funny
Is the very niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeereeeeeee
06:49:00 AM
Aactoocanthosaurus
Bagus banget
Gostei muito da  Pará  mandar  mais de um vídeo
03:55:00 AM
Did you see avengers infinity war and avengers end game
Salut
??????
Izin share ya
hotslut.ru 
02:37:00 AM
Cute
Estan muy padres
Grafiknya keren dan lucu 
Nice video ???
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Cái qu?n ngoài b? phá r?i mà qu?n lót bên trong c?ng không phá ?c. ?úng là th?n cmn khí ??
???
W
???? ???????? ??????? ??  ????????  ??????
Megusta por su cabeza grande y su cuerpo chico
Mantap ??
Like si eres fan de marvel
es toi buscando  ese  juego pero  de los titanes
?????? ????????
Very good I like it
Spyder man is very  puit
?????
Spidermannnnnn il fe de esci com pro jajajajajajajjajajajjajajajajjajajajajjajajajjaja
Quisiera tener el Funko de Iron Spider con el Nano Guantelete de Iron Man
Nice movie
5:03 colleague of agent P ?
????????????????????
Iron man te mataste
Fofo
halk halk
Cuteeeee
??????????????
??????????????????????????????bagussssssssss
?
04:19:00 AM
Muhammad FAHRI ANNIZAM
Jo, como amo a todos los funko pops, ¡Son tan tiernos! <3 gracia slor el vídeo uwu)b
Megusta mucho los funcos
.
Tr?i ?i cute quá! L?y chúa!
Omg funny
?????????????????????
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Nice???
Mini would
wow  strange guy  is  serious  that  why   they   call  him  strange 
Infinity Stones Powers: https://youtu.be/cxpC_y8pnuY
When Thanos snap
Player go afk
Thanos: Huge
Also Thanos: Hides in a smol bush 
Thanos again: You cant see me
Plot twist hororochan is wada
Me: How much did it cost you?
Wada: Everything
Thanos: I am called the mad titan,    here is why
Proceed to steal enemy's buff
Thanos walks like a moving giant
Imagine hitting thanos a super finishinh move that you know it will kill him and it did not
Thanos "You should've Aim for the Head"
His mom: Where is your money?
Wada: Gone, reduce to atom
Thanos is like Sun in ML he can also summon doppelganger.
He walks so slow my grandmother lifted the gauntlet
Damn, he's inevitable.
Thanos: Mad Titans
Me: look at this mad lads
Ability: "Snap"
 Instantly killing all enemies
Just wait until they actually release him on the shop. The Dark Shard way to get him is pretty much gambling.
thanos:snap
 wada's money:gone reduce to atoms
Hey wada game, can you make m-, i mean make us some of warrior lab? That kinda helpfull you know
balanced as everything should be
estava esperando <3
Me:Clicks all video for no reason
Me in 2020:I see Thanos,I click 
"bath time with thor" is now my favourite screenrant quote
I had a lot of thoughts when the three hot girls jumped into bed together, Ewww was not one of them.
I really wish they’d stop trying to pussify everything.
I'm not surprise that they didn't include ant man going through thanos' butt
So they let us see thanos disturbingly kill loki by crushing his neck but not stan lee in a container
The scene with the cop would’ve totally helped to sell the seriousness of the sokovia accords
There should always be a
• Cinematic/theater release version
• Director's cut
And maybe:
"Eew?"
Are you still under the assumption that women have cooties? ???
Would have rather seen the decapitated captain America
Stick the deleted scenes into the BluRay features/extended cuts.
Lol 
The host: a 3some! Ewwwwwwwweieeeeee 
Personally I think Disney is ruining EVERYTHING it touches
Sorry, you think women in bed together is “ewww”? Anyone who’s slept with the narrator want to chime in?
I can't be the only one who thinks Disney kinda ruined marvel movies
House of Mouse is a bad news for Marvel in the future.
The “House of Mouse” made the right choices. Definitely.
11:07 "The woman" is Ashley Frickin' Johnson and you will respect her awesomeness or she will go all Sarenrae on ur asses!
"In Shane Blacks Iron Man 3 Harley is being bullied by a kid named EJ."
Monster Squad fans ears prick up.
Really, can u guarantee the last one, Disney did allow us to see Thor take Thanos head and left forearm clean off.
The last scene should have stayed in endgame 
This movie should've happened five years ago, but okay marvel.
Ahh that’s why they showed us Russia in stranger things
basically all female Russian Spies train Ballet? Every single movie..
Why do I feel like she’s still alive bcuz of the way she remembers when she was with the avengers
At least we know she doesn't die in this one.
Maybe they'll talk about when her and Hawkeye were in Budapest.
Marvel: "We're killing Natasha in End game"
Everyone: "Aww that's too bad she didn't even get her own movie" 
Marvel: "We're doing a Black Widow movie"
Everyone: "Wait, didn't you guys just kill her off?" 
can we just appreciate for one moment the music in this trailer? it's awesome.
Florence Pugh is going to be the highest paid actress in a few years. Mark my words. She is hype
0:05 "I used to have nothing"
"NOW I HAVE A MOVIE"
"They" sure know how to keep the masses dumbed down!... it's astounding that people actually believe that they're living!!!
Can there be one action trailer that doesn’t have the lines “I have to go back to where it all started”...”I have to face my past”....”then everything changed”....? GAH!!!
The moment you saw her family: (multiple theories flies out) "naruhodo..."
This girl makes Captain Marvel look like a boy scout.
The movie that SHOULD HAVE been between Infinity War and End Game.
Everyone's here talking about whatnot, while I'm over here yelling AAAA THATS FLORENCE PUGH!!!!??????????
I was just thinking of when the trailer was gonna drop.
I wanted an origin story about 10 years ago that explored the Red Room and tied the loose ends to Hawkeye, Budapest, Sao Paulo, the hospital fire, etc... This is nothing more than a cash grab script.
We can feel very very very happy because, we can see RDJ (Tony Stark)(Iron man ) again in this movie.
?People who shocked after reading this? 
0:00 - 0:02 ... Freedom Statue atop the hills of Buda in Budapest. Aptly-named, now, since 1989. 
hellooo guyyy !!
Marvel takes this
Do you have the soundtrack to the videos they are inspiring find myself humming it all day lol! Thanks!
guess we know which universe you're a fan of
Why all of the flash run
?? ??????? ?? ???
Siapa ya yang menang Avengers atau DC
Wow
???? ????!
DC VS MARVEL!!!
Omaygat ayo 2 avengers
Que estupida animacion solo los heroes de marvel usaban sus berdaderos poderes en bataya
????????^^^^^/////$'$$$##"?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaa todos tem super velosidade
Avengers are more powerful than your winner next time you have made a veadio which is in favour of Avengers so I subscribe your chanel
Le encanta a mi hermano ??
Hulk super
Capten wow
Puff suerte de principiantes alguien dígale a skaming que haga la batalla de nuevo pero eta bes vamos a sacar a visión y pondremos al Acuaman real porque ese era falso por más que no me crean y los demás serán elegidos y será así
Menang aaaaaa awas ayo buruan
It's bad that avengers died.
??? ???
go team iron man!!! 
Captain marvel: Hi Peter Parker, you got something for me?
Toby Maguire: YOU’LL GET YOUR RENT WHEN YOU FIX THIS DAMN DOOR
“Something just entered the upper atmosphere.”
Thanos: Hehe, I’m in danger
No one:
Absolutely no one:
Captain Marvel: how dare you hurt Spiderman
* destroy spaceship*
Spiderman: holds hand like a teddy bear
01:18:00 AM
the "hey peter parker" sounds seductive
Bro Captain marvel is a cheat code
0:39 when you're fighting a lvl 10 boss and a lvl 100 joins your party
Captain Marvel: Destroy whole airship
Thanos: Pikachu Face.
My only thought is that one scene from infinity war where okoye goes “why was she up there all this time?!”??
Peter Parker in a life or death situation: hi... I’m peter parker
Thanos literally lost his ride AND his house at the same time
01:05:00 AM
The moment you realize that your once successful mission of killing half of all life in the universe is about to fail, which then leads to your death, all because of a rat.
Captain Marvel: Hey Peter, you got something for me? 
Peter: Mr. Stark, I feel so good
I love that those on the ship knew right away that whoever entered the upper atmosphere is a bigger danger than those on the ground and started firing at captain marvel instead
I like how she’s barely in the movie, does one small thing like this, and everyone STILL finds a way to get mad at how powerful she is ? like damn she could have killed thanos instead of taking out the ship if you whiners would rather have that. Let her do SOMETHING for Pete’s sake lol
0:44 - 0:47
Rocket: Ooh Yeah!
Bruce: You guys are so SCREWED NOW!!!
Thanos: I’ve WON!!
Captain Marvel: *I’m about to end this whole mans career...”
Even those who hate Carol loved her when she arrived the battlefield like that
Just imagine, watching this whole scene at Captain’s point of view 0:49
Yes yes yes yes yes yes, captain marvel was nothing more than a deus ex machina in this scene. But this scene proves one thing that fans know for years: Spidey gets all the ladies
I cant watch this scene without thinking of it "I need a hero!" playing as she enters. That would have been awesome
Captain Marvel: Hi Peter Parker, you got something for me?
Peter Parker: Yes, Pizza time.
Captain Marvel: Hey, Peter Parker. You got something for me?
Peter: I had to beat an old lady with a stick to get this cranberry sauce!
“Why was she up there all this time?”
Avengers in every fight:
Oh no we are losing!
Marvel:?You have no idea what is possible
Captain Marvel: Hi Peter Parker, you got something for me?
plays cheesy romance music
01:18:00 AM
A start to a great friendship! I’m pretty sure that in the comics they are extremely good friends, and Captain Marvel trusts him a lot
In 2049
Me to my grandchildren 
“I was there”
Captain Marvel: destroys 1 ship in 20 seconds
Hela: destroys 5 ships in 2 seconds
Captain Marvel: "Am i a joke to to you?"
My reaction first seeing captain marvel for the first time in that scene:
“OHOHOH YEAH!!!!! THE CALVARY HAS ARRIVED!!!!!”
Avengers: dying on earth
Her: Ima just wait for acouple more minutes....im tired
1:05 Thanos: I just finished paying that. ?
Peter Parker : Hey , I'm Peter Parker
Captain Marvel : Hey Peter Parker , Got Something For Me ? 
"hey peter parker"... she is soooooo hot
Captain Marvel said "Hey Peter Parker" that sounds seductive i think either i am wrong or captain Marvel has got a crush on Peter like in the comics
Captain marvel: * Breaks a spaceship the size of 5000 mansions *
Thanos: * Scared noises *
Captain Marvel >>> Thanos
Plot >>> Captain Marvel 
Result = Tony's death.
Carol: “Hey Peter Parker, you got something for me?”
Pornhub theme plays
I love how you can see the “hope” in Thanos’ eyes die. Very cathartic
dramatic captain marvel entrance scene
Spiderman: Hi I'm Peter Parker ?
Avatar: theres no way you're getting through us
Avengers endgame rerelease: don't worry they've got help
01:06:00 AM
I kind of felt bad for Thanos at that scene, I mean all of his life's work just got destroyed. But at the same time, he got what he deserved.
Get someone that hugs you the way Peter hugs the gauntlet
I know thanos are villain in this movie. But he's reaction seeing his ship blow up makes me sad for him, truly
Spaceship- sony
Captain marvel- disney
Just want to point out I love how rocket goes and protects groot when the blasters are shooting down at the fight so he doesn’t lose him again
She’s really good at flying through ships...
THANOS: I Will Shred This Universe Down Into Its Last Atoms
Stan Lee: 
That was at the same time the cutest and one of the most badass scenes of Avengers xD
Ngl my brain forgot Captain Marvel existed up until this point
I guess that ship was a rental because Thanos looked like he was gonna cry
Thanos: Rain Fire
Director: Don't kill any heroes
Thanos: Am I a joke to you?
Spider-Man: Hi, I’m Peter Parker
Captain Marvel: Who?
“Friday, what the are they firing at?”
I cant ever get over this scene ?
Thanos: I have aerial supremacy! 
Danvers: That’s cute.
Damn I feel when she says "hey Peter Parker"
Remember in role playing games, that one friend who had an over powered character that was just way to strong for anything you through at it and it ruined the game......
Captain marvel: hey Peter parkar you got something for me?
FBI BREAKS THE DOOR ?
Peter was hanging onto that gauntlet like I hang onto my stuffed bunny
1:05 when you open the fridge and it's empty
Thanos: rain fire!!!
Avengers: chuckles I'm in danger
Imagine Nova and Capt. MARVEL doing both ways.
Final battle: Me getting rekt in Minecraft
Carol: Me typing /gamemode 1
1:06 the look on Thanos face
Is it just me or did captain marvel sound almost a little flirtatious when she goes "hey peter parker”
1:06 The face of "I just got it waxed and now it's scrap"
Ohoh yeah. Captain marvel is the foremost protagonist.
Captain Marvel had the Best scenes ever! Can't wait for Captain Marvel 2!
0:58: Who's raining fire now ?
Also, Groot's smile is so cute.
I laughed when she made the guns go flaccid.
Endgame finally beats Avatar..
Like for Endgame ???????
0:46 look at groot face. Yup that's my reaction.
I love the sequence where Rocket jumps on Groot to shield him, it shows that he like Groot a lot!
Carol "Hey Peter Parker, you got something for me?"
Toby: "Toby, you want the gauntlet, give religion?"
I'm going to be honest, at 0:30 I really thought it could've been Loki making a dramatic entrance
1:06 thanos: I haven't finished payment on my ship. ?
1:05 when you get one pumped to the face with max health
1:54 when that seen was in the  advertising I actually thought he was gonna win
WHEN YOU GET THE SUPERSTAR
She seemed way cooler and more likable in this than in her solo film.  Damn I couldn't sit through it, still need to finish it but can't bring myself to.
I love this scene, one of my favorite superhero enter, she so badass can't wait to see more Carol in MCU ?
02:07:00 AM
Thor: no no give me that you get the little one
01:05:00 AM
The look on thanos' face after captain marvel destroyed his ship was priceless XD
1:06 that was the "how could you... my chair" face
Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: Far From Home
In reference to his comics, Peter is a ladies man, after all.
The way Peter said 'hi I'm Peter Parker' was so funny!??
"You will get this gauntlet when you fix this daaaammmnn door!!!"
Love how he gave her his real name while hugging the Infinity Gauntlet ??
1:42 is that saitaman from one piece anime ? ???
Lol they just used her as a plot device in this movie... Glad that was all
0:28 when you find out your sibling eat your food that you kept in the fridge
Captain marvel : if I can fly through 4 or 5 spaceships I can do it. Again
When your trying to find the manager of the ship but destroy the whole ship
0:50 this shot is absolutely breathtaking
You got something for me?
Yeah i need a sandwich
One of the many moments of that final battle,that made me get up out of my seat,cheering!!
the look on thanos's face at 1:05 .the moment he realizes he's going to lose.
So powerful and emotional.
I love how chill Peter is as he says "hi I'm Peter Parker" XD
Captain Marvel is a badass
0:47 look at Groot’s face!! He’s so happy!
Captain Marvel is the type of character that would get banned from Smash tournaments
Title, captain marvel helps spiderman, scene cuts right before she actually helps spiderman
1:05 the look on thanos' face is like "oh God, I paid all my savings for this"
1:22 porn hub theme starts playing
I bet Thanos was thinking “I JUST FINISHED PAYING THAT OFF!!!” 1:06-1:07
0:39 Couldn't Thor have done this as well?
"Hey Peter Parker.  You got something for me?"
Insert lewd fanfic here.
0:39 when the cheat code finally kicks in
"Hi Peter Parker.." is my favorite line in the whole movie. I love the little lines she says. In her own movie it was "Where's Fury?" Gets me everytime.
Man she had the perfect opportunity to say “HEY BETER” in joe’s voice
This is what should have happened: 
Peter: hi I’m peter Parker… 
Carol: Captain marvel! 
Peter:Im spider man then! ???
01:17:00 AM
Peter: Mr. Stark, I feel very good.
2:13 Iron Man be like: Imma bout to end this man's whole career
"Nat's sandwich had more screentime than Captain Marvel and no one can prove me otherwise"
"Hi peter parker" lid blown
0:37: This is how Trigger brings down the final Arsenal Bird Justice.
Peter: I need to keep my identity a secret
Also Peter: Hi, I'm Peter Parker
0:59 emitting lesbian energy y'all SHE LOOKS SO GOOD IN THIS SCENE im crying
I LOVE the way she says"Hey, Peter Parker"
Captain marvel is too overpowered she took down that hole ship just by arriving
When I saw this in the theatre I was getting serious YOU KNOW WHAT Vibes from the way she said
“Heyyyy There Peter Parker, you got something there for me?”
Captain Marvel is like Tatsumaki from One Punch Man, where she is helping destroy Boros spaceship
He looks so cute! Lol that’d be me hugging onto that glove for dear life.
I thought that what had entered the atmosphere was Travis Scott
Carrol: hey peter parker u have something for me
Peter: no
Thanos looked so crushed when his ship just got destroyed by captain marvel
0:47 why is nobody going to talk about how cute Groot’s smile is
Daaammnnn!!!?! That sisterhood scene is everything ???? Thanos almost forgot about lady death. He was ready to risk it all ?
1:05 when she pulls out before you do
The thumbnail:
"I feel sooo good".
A single kamikaze plane takes down the USS ST. LO during the Battle of Leyte Gulf, 1944 colorized
I'm still getting goosebumps it's insaneeeeeee
0:19 when my dad comes back home
and yet where was this trailer before "endgame" ??
Still Marvel's entry in Endgame is not on the same level of Thor's entry in Infinity War..... Not at all
0:53 listen to the music and just go with the flow as marvel makes you change your mind off the negativity about Brie Larson
Captain marvel: u got samthing for me? 
Tom: Ye-
Toby: YOU’LL GET YOUR GAUNTLENT WHEN YOU FIX THAT DAMN DOOR!
0:49 one of the most beautiful shots in the MCU.
1:05 thanos: DO YOU KNOW HOW EXPENSIVE THAT WAS!?
Captain Marvel comes out
Youtube: MUH ShE cAnT aCt
this video
Youtube: "Love the way she says hey peter parker"
When at school your teacher joins the volleyball team.
0:49 I need this as my new wallpaper
1:05 when you go to a huge convention like Comicon
but you forgot your cosplay and wallet at home..........
I think he’ll just tell anyone his identity
Fun fact: Carol Danvers in the comics had a crush on Spider-man
Wow the holy sh*t I got 48 likes!!
0:46 The entire audience
I’ve been waiting for someone to upload this scene
Thanos looked mad hurt when that ship got destroyed
1:17 Oh, he looks so small...
1:07 Thanos had his hopes crushed right there lol
Captain Marvel: Destroys Thanos'  ship "I'd like to speak to the manager"
i just opened n closed instant every video uploaded just to increase views for mcu fans.Hit like for same
??
01:06:00 AM
Morpheus Thanos: "I have dreamed a dream, and now that dream is gone from me." lol
Captain marvel looked hot when she said “Hey peter parker”
Imagine working on the ship and you were taking a bathroom break the moment captain marvel decided to go boss mode level100
Iron man's robot said - something just entered the atmosphere 
In infinity war- something just entered the atmosphere 
Who noticed like
1:17 good introduction to porno movie :P
I just love the music that plays when she destroys the ship. So heroic.
0:50 I need a full size poster of this shot right here.
Rocket's reaction was the best part of this scene.
I couldn’t help but chuckle to myself in the theater remembering that Spidey’s and Cap Marvel’s comic counterparts hooked up for a time. XD
Thor: No no gimme that, you get the little one
Captain America: Takes the little one and runs away with confusion
Why is her name danvers! Like Come on supergirl kara danvers her Sister Alex danvers Come on im confused
0:50 beautiful ???
2:06 hahahahahaha
That was the first time I felt unknown feelings for a girl. She was so COOL
And i'am Ironman,  love :D
1:21 oh te puso los ojos de cogeme xd
0:48. that smile from Groot ??
01:07:00 AM
"hey Peter Parker " killed me ?
what if they reversed the snap and thanos comes back
???????????!
???????????????
A Wild Danvers Appears.
It's Super Effective.
I somehow feel bad/pity thanos, according to him he was fighting for a noble cause, But his whole ship was destroyed and so is his army(almost)
0:44 me and the bois on our way to the McDonald's Playground
Rocket jumping to Groot be like "I'm not gonna lose you again you big twig!"
Watching this before going to seeing for my first time avengers endgame ???
I SHIVERED WHEN SHE STARTED BLASTING INTO THE SCENE I LOVE BRIE
Imagine if Spiderman died when the “guns” were being rained down
I'm so used to watching the version with Mothra instead of Carol that this just doesn't feel canon anymore.
01:07:00 AM
I got that ship for my birthday
1:18 peter thought she was a threat at first which was why he was hugging the gauntlet
1:05 when you’re house gets destroyed in Minecraft
I'm not gonna lie, the moment they looked up at the sky I thought it was Galactus
We have now discovered what “Breakneck Cringe” feels like.
Captain marvel:destroys Thanos‘ ship
Thanos: I’m screwed
Just imagine, instead of Carol, it was Adam Warlock or F4
?? ?????.... ????.....
AWESOME!!!
I love the way she says "Hi Peter Parker"
She looks amazing i like her new haircut ??
0:34 when the PE teacher joins your team
Bro you know she sum else when they stop firing just to stop her
1:06 when you see tony stark die in endgame
1:06 when your parents turn off the internet mid game
When goku ask thanos for some energy to make a spirit bom to defeat freeze he be like1:05
The one scene where carol is anything like her comic book counterpart in the entire mcu
There’s something in the upper atmosphere!
The shot at 0:50 is absolutely gorgeous... The cinematography is phenomenal
01:21 captain Marvel ????
Enemy ship stops firing on the ground*
Suddenly targeting and firing at amosphere.
0:52 Caps view and stance.. spectacular
And at 1:06 Thanos is thinking "Do you know how much that ship costs? Where I am going to get the money for another one?"
Good reference , Carol had a crush with Peter in comics , i loved that scene
At 0:49 cap sees the sky and feels 
I would  never  be able to  do  that
0:11 what if Korg died there? We haven't seen him later in the film or heard about him
Now I know why all I have on mind is stark lol his demise became the highest seller for the time being lol maybe for good
??I’m so excited for Brie!??. I just can’t wait to see her annihilate intergalactic Caucasian oppression and lead society into a new utopian epoch of feminine dominance and marginalized white maleness. We love you Brie!! ???? You’re a wonderful role model for us all!!  You’ve found your voice!!Ignore those “haters”????
When you cant beat a video game boss and you call your big brother but he can't beat it too
01:05:00 AM
Loved this scene
Love this part... "Hi Peter Parker" ...??
captain "i want to speak to your manager" Karen!
1:42 I though that was saitama lol my bad
Thor: I could have done that!! In Infinity War..
Thanos facial expression when he sees his ship destroyed is more emotional than when he threw Gamora off the cliff
Captain Marvel: Hey Peter Parker...
?????????????????????
12:12:00 AM
was that rhodey or tony trying to save bruce??
i love the fact she gets owned in the next scene.
That moment when captain marvel came in through the ship
After that scene | wanted Thanos to win. Talk about overpowered.
0:41 so no one is gonna talk about this glorious shot
Just made me realize Friday talked TWO times in the movie, not just one....
Imagine if Edith was a part of the fight.
12:20:00 AM
At this part I was like..
CM - Hey Peter Parker, you got something for me ?
Spider Man - This D...
Captain Marvel: Hey Peter Parker i got something for you ( ?° ?? ?°)
Peter Parker: How lucky i am ( ?° ?? ?°)
ARA ARA
Nani?? It's Brie-Senpai! :3 ??
Hey Peter Parker, sorry I’m always running late ?
"hi I'm Peter Parker"
Always nice when the cavalry arrives.
How the hell do they have Blu-ray clips when Blu-ray ain’t even released yet?
99% of the comment: Ara Ara meme
1%: other stuff
1:05 when you failed your test exam
EvErYboDy bOoing wHen Captain Marvel shOw uP iN mY TheATher
1:05 Thanos' reaction was like, "It was my most favorite ship?"
Peter: Hi I'm Peter Parker
Carol: Ara Ara
1:05 my ship!!
The most epic moment in the movie.
1:56 Shoulder-Mounted Rocket
Run, Peter-kun ! She's going to Ara Ara you !
????????????…????????????????MARVEL??
02:13:00 AM
I like the Captain Marvel's haircut though
Good idea. Giving Spidey the gauntlet always give important reality bending gloves 2 the guy with sticky fingers
Rey:  I bypassed the hero's journey!
Captain Marvel:  Hold my script.
1:18 when your lil bro has your chocolate
I WANT TO HAVE THE THUMBNAIL SO BAD!
You know you're a great villain when so many hero's unite to kill you.
1:21 Fade into Brazzers logo. ?
If I was peter:
Me:Hi Im peter parker
Cap marvel:Hey peter parker you got something for me?
Me:.......My virginity?
1:05 Thanos’ face, hahahahaha
LONG LIVE TONY STARK
Lmao this is almost like a porn scene xd
Still waiting for Captain Marvel to become Binary
When I saw iron man in this clip and realised we won't see him again...my heart broke all over again
Cm aka captain marvel:hey peter you have something for me
Peter :I dont know you oh wait do I own you money
1:20 her voice is so soothing??
The way captain Marvel said "hey Peter Parker"
 was like .................................hey pretty boy wanna have a fun night
1 :09 Cap brozoned miss marvel??
1:20  and 1:30   same pose by Nancy but she says  "hey peter parker" and "hey guys"  figure it out marvel!
The strongest Avenger has entered the group chat*
So nice to see this and actually able to listen without the damn screams
Fun fact: Spider-Man and captain marvel hooked up on multiple occasions in the comics
1:00 It's a bird it's a plane no it's.. it's.. It's Captain Karen... i mean Marvel! captain Marvel!!
Nice scene from Captain Marvel.
Evrybody gangsta until Carol Danvers joins the fight
1:06 when you open your wallet
0:39 what are you doing capt? its far away. you should to stand up straight, you're a captain america. lol, it's funny to me. idk why!
I've seen things on the internet based on this scene.
Film of the decade ???
0:57 It's a Bird... It's a Plane... It's 
Justine Bieber !
Spiderman : He I'm Peter Parker 
Captain Marvel : Hey Peter Parker ?????
I'm so glad Thanos YEETED her out of the movie.
I’m kind of used to seen endgame scenes with Chinese subtitles tbh
"Ara Ara Peter ...."
Captain Marvel:hey peter Parker you got something for me
Peter Parker:Large pepperoni with extra cheese
In the thumbnail Peter looks like Mesut Ozil ??
Lol @ "What the hell is this?????"
A lot of Avengers were just now meeting her since they just came back!
How are you getting all this hd content ?
I want that tooo.....
Hawkeye should get some shield like iron man
The way she says hey peter Parker is so sexy I swear and I love it????
Captain Marvel: Ara ara intensifies
How did you get this on such a high quality?
Captain marvel Destroy thanos ship*
Thanos:*Surprised Pikachu face*
Rocket's cheer hypes me up so much!
Awww Thanos ????
Thanks: I'm blah blah blah
Stark: I'm ...............IRON MAN.
Someone went wild with the thumbnail filter
@1:06 Thanos : now I have to walk
The movie isn't out yet
How come this is in HD
man this still gives me goosebump
The back legs fell of his back!
IMAGINE IF THEY SHOW THIS TRAILER BEFORE THE MOVIE?????SPOILVENGERS
There we have it : the cosmic Karen
i still havent seen this movie
Captain Marvel seems way too powerful here compared to her comic book counterparts (I think).
But does this make her more powerful than Thor?
0:11 that guy in ragnarok
Some epic moments indeed!
you got something for me?
P I Z Z A T I M E
she's too freaking OP,
In about 1 week.. It should be blu-ray release date... So I will wait to see it at decent resolution.. Good day
Hardly got 5 minutes screentime nd her attitude's like she was the lead ??
Gods, she is Gorgeous!?
Later when the other avengers found Peter and Carol....they were covered in each other's juices
OUR CAPTAIN MARVEL! <3
the thumbnail luks hilllarious for some reason...
Hell yea she saved everyone in that matter of time
Swear Peter can get ladies even older than him ???
We're getting So much Spoilers Now!
give us the link 4k ultraHD quality.
Wait, isn't Peter Parker 15 in this version?
FBI OPEN UP!
Thanos:: We r DONE??
1:06 Chingao, era mi nave favorita pinche vieja
NO ,NO GIVE ME THAT, YOU HAVE THE LITTLE ONE 
-THOR 2019
Örümcek adam:onlar?n aras?ndan nas?l geçiceksin
Scarlet witch: yard?m al?cak
Lan kad?n geminin içinden geçti hiç yard?m ister gibi tavr? varm?******
Ara Ara Peter-kun
Thanos be like< Im in danger, hehe
Chris evans famous last words before *death*
lAnGuAgE!1!1!1
Captain Marvel: Hey  [B]eter
0:40 what kind of car is that
Best scene in the entire movie. I remember how madly the audience started cheering as soon as friday repiled "something just entered the earths upper atmosphere!!!"
How do you have this perfect quality from the movie ?
.... I cant ?
0:52 Caps wallpaper
1:18 - 1:22 cutest moment of endgame
0:50 wallpaper material god dayum
I love captain marvel she’s a total badass ?????
It's not fair, 1 enemy vs that much a whole of avengers team LoL ?
0:11 Korg, NO!!!!!!!!!!
1:25 oh yeah it is blue.
Who else was playing Flight of the Valkyries in their head?
Captain Marvel Arrives
Captain Marvel:iam gonna end this whole man's career
Tom Holland : AHH
That look from thanos when his ship gets destroyed  makes me emotional everytime?
Thanks. Your suggested content just spoilered the film for me.
we knew who was the most powerful.
Should’ve been Adam Warlock.
1:00 Thanos is so upset because he just lost his throne
0:50 this moment is so powerful and cinemetically beautiful!
What if they use the gauntlet to bring back loki and black widow.
0:59 captain maverl
THANK YOU VEEEERRRY MUCH!!!!
cap marvel meeds a nerf?
captain marvel: hey peter, you got something for me?
peter: oh no, this isn't the dishwasher
In the theater my son jumped for joy thinking it was Galactus...he was so sad when he saw it was....just....Capt.Marvel
Peter goes around telling everyone his identity and then hes upset when JJJ tells it to evberyone
Damn Peter looked like he was dying he looked sick
Captain Marvel:  Hi Peter Parker, you got something for me?
Peter:  No, I won't send money to your Captain Marvel tickets GoFundMe.
she sounded super cute when she said hey peter parker ?
I love Captain Marvel!!!
0:31 Why does Friday sound so panicked?
I like how rocket didn’t wanna lose groot again so he was about to go out with him
I don’t care. That was a badass entrance. Y’all all worried she was gonna be over used and are now pissed she almost got under used. Pick one.
It sounded like she was gonna seduce him:
So cute  <3
Deus Ex Marvel, but it gets a pass cause it’s the MCU??
You know you're a big deal when an alien warship decides to focus on you instead of an entire army of other superheroes 
One of the best scenes during the endgame
01:05:00 AM
Capt marvel be like"an allied had slain the turtle"?gamers only
Captain Marvel:Hi Peter Parker got something for me?
Peter Parker: gives dishes
“Hey Peter Parker” she’s so HOT
This scene humilated Spider-Man
i....Am ironman?
At 0:12 bucky throws himself on peter...?
0:49 wow what a shot
Spider-Man: Hey, I'm Peter Parker
Captain Marvel: Hey Peter Parker, Got Something For Me?
Thanos:my ship!!!
wait, didn't she say "hi little man, you got something for me?" on theaters? i liked that version better.
Me in my opinion I know she's that powerful but I wish that at least something had the power to best her
Peter Parker didn't see that coming
*Spider-Man
When are people going to learn...
I swear that shot of Cap at 0:52 is like from the Battlefield 1 trailer of that soldier looking on as the behemoth is being shot down
Ha and i thought Groot was supposed to be the wooden one ?
Captain Marvel's entrance here was one of the best scenes in the whole mcu, instant chills!!
Someone entered the upper atmosphere
Me: a wild Karen who wants to speak to the manager
her voice is amazing
AnD tHen SHe Got cNocKed oUt in oNE PNuchhhHhHH!!!!1
0:52 nice shot
Literally no one clapped at all when she came in?
Thanos did exactly what he said he was going to do. He wiped out 50 percent of all living creatures
1:06 Thanos: Um um um....help?
She is sooo cool ? ?
Scene feels incomplete without crowds cheering
Tbh, I felt really bad for Thanos in this movie. Such a remarkable villain.
"Mr. Stark... I feel so good"
It’s nice to see iron man
Captain Marvel: did i do that?
Rocket trying to shield Groot with his little body always gets me choked up.
This is the only scene where she genuinely felt like Captain Marvel
02:00:00 AM
Rip Ironman ???????
How is the quality this good??
And I AM IRON MAN so perfectly synced that it looks better then in the film
"What are they firing at?"
A deus ex Machina
He looks dead in the thumbnail
I still cry to this day 
NA 
I hate it when videos talk about improvised scenes and then don't show them.
Script: exists
RDJ: Okay, good news, we won't be needing this!
This vid would have been better with the actual lines not someone quoting the whole time.
RDJ.
RDJ.
Dave Bautista.
RDJ
RDJ is iron man. Stan Lee said as much. Said he was perfect and exactly what he imagined. Imagine that kind of praise. Even RDJ's improv is spot on. Stan knew talent gold when he saw it.
I love Robert Downey Jr’s performances as Tony Stark, he absolutely nails it and makes the character of Iron Man his own. I can’t imagine anyone else as Iron Man.
Scriptwriter: am I joke to you?
"The dark world is the dark sheep of the MCU."
The Incredible Hulk: "Am I a joke to you?"
The blueberries is what caused civil war
"We're not sure where RDJ ends and Tony Stark begins"
Being handed stuff.
Sadly a great one that was missed was the thor ragnorak scene where thor gives the story of the snake
Erm... HawkEye was first introduced in Thor - he was looking over the compound where the hammer was found. Avengers was his second film.
9:06 they said tony didn’t offer Steve any blueberries, but he did about 2 mins later in the film
My takeaway during Doctor Strange was that Wong was specifically listening to Beyoncé due to the earlier reference.
Tony stark: I am hilarious and you will quote everything I say
Tony in Homecoming: "We're not there yet."
Tony in Endgame: "We're there now." (Hugs)
CBR: How many MCU lines can you quote? 10? 12? 387?
Me: 14,000,605
Tony Stark: "I am Iron man"
11 year-old me: "Wait, that's illegal"
14:42 that’s because RDJ isn’t Tony Stark......Tony Stark is RDJ
That “I don’t want to go Line” reminded me of Dr. Who. Any Whovians in the house??
"Was the coat rack truly worthy?"
A coat rack devotes its entire life to standing quietly and always being there for you when it's needed, never letting you down, always putting your needs before its own. I ask you instead, are you worthy of your coat rack?
Dr Strange: What master do you serve?
StarLord: What am i supposed to say? Jesus?
Lmao every time!
Why aren’t they playing the lines?
Tony stark is literally RDJ and RDJ is literally Tony stark. And also a maestro.??
Wait, the actor's name that plays Wong's name is Benedict Wong?
one also should have been mentioned was the scene of Star Lord drops the ORB with Power stone.
He was supposed to take it out and give it, but Chris Pratt just dropped it, and quickly picked it up and stood like nothing had happened, that was a blooper more than it was improvised, but it made it to the final film.
For those who don't know Iron Man 1 was  entirely improvised.
Which is why we have lines like this,
"TONY STARK WAS ABLE TO BUILD IT IN A CAVE WITH A BOX OF SCRAPS!"
"I'm sorry, I'm not Tony Stark"
Holland and RDJ interactions were some of the best. I like when the lines come natural,  and aren't forced, like you'd expect to see and hear interactions like that just happen organically. It's a hallmark of a great actor,  making things seem genuine and natural, even if the situation is absolutely a cheese fest.
Is it me or are Screen Rant and CBR the same channel with the same narrators except different playlists and one of them don’t put Dragon Ball Z and one doesn’t have Pitch Meetings in their videos?
"No one would know."
Okay, the purple fletched arrow sticking out of his back might be a clue.
You could have actually had the actual lines in your video. This really sucked.
Tom Holland: "I don't want to go"
David Tennant: "HEY THATS MY LINE"
I love when actors improvise...
Spiderman: i dont wanna go
Sony: too bad
RDJ is the king of improvising 
Just another thing to add to they list on why RDJ is the best actor in the world ?????
David Tennant said the line before Tom Holland.
Also the blueberry thing, He did offer steve some later in the scene
I love how RDJ knows Tom Holland is good at improv too and just expects him to go along which usally works out. This is why old movies sometimes seem really bad now. In new movies the improv gets more and more which makes everything sound so much more real.
What about tony's death scene where Gwyneth paltrow and others improvised their last talk to tony.
Tom Holland being English, I'm fairly certain the "I don't wanna go" line was at least partly inspired by David Tennant's last line as the Doctor in 'Doctor Who'.
Robert Downey Jr. could've easily have told Thanos in Endgame:
"And... I... am Invincible!", a nod to The Invincible Iron Man moniker Stan "The Man" Lee crafted for old Shellhead.
somewhere i think that Tom Holland was inspired by david tennant with the "I dont wanna go" line
This is more of a RDJ-promoting video than “best improvised lines”
When thor put the his hammer in the coat hanger, the coat hanger shouldve broke and his hammer fallen down, and he shouldve said " it wasnt worthy"
Every nerd knows where did the "I don't wanna go" really came from. It's been around for 13 years I think.
people need to learn the difference between "improvised" as in came up with by the actors during the shoot, discussed with the director, and shot as one of many different takes tried a few ways, and "improvised" as in totally ad-libbed in the moment while the camera was rolling. these are not the same thing.
RDJ is just an amazing character ???
And here I thought Holland's "I don't want to go" line was a shout-out to Doctor Who.
“I don’t want to go” wonder if that’s any reference to David Tenant’s line in Doctor Who.
7:13 he got that from David Tennant/Doctor Who.  ?
Was literally looking through your channel wishing there was something I didn’t already watch and then I get this notification XD
"I don't want to go. I don't want to go. Please..." Well guess what Hulk snapped and Spider-man is back baby.
Imagine being paid to say three simple words... What a life
06:04:00 AM
The Incredible Hulk was so bad it doesn’t even garner a mention.
9:07 NOT TRUE! He DID offer Steve a blueberry!!! He even said so explicitly at the end of one of his lines!!!
"Why is..."? ? ? ? ? classic line
Peter Parker: I’m not Spider-Man
Tony Stark: I’m Iron Man
I don't think that Cap started a romance with Peggy's neice. It's was one kiss and she's actually the one who pulls him in for it. That sounded weird. You know what I mean.
"I don't wanna go" is a famous line from Doctor Who (Tennant's Doctor, last line before his rebirth) ^.^
"I don't want to go" is a line from David Tenner in Doctor Who when he regenerated.
The get help scene was "One of the few scenes we did not improvise" according to Taika Waititi. So this one should not be on the list. source: @7LKI
Tony did offer Cap blueberries, it was subtle. Cap subtly and politely refused the offer
8:52 I can just imagine RDJ saying something along the lines of:
"I have two very delicious snacks in my hands.  On my left is a slice of pepperoni pizza.  On my right, a club sandwich.  Which would you choose?  'Cause they both would make excellent meals."
Tony DID offer cap one, Its the random "blueberry?" line
How did you not put Don Cheadle’s (James Rhodes/War Machine)
Thor: What do you think are coursing through my gains right now?
Rhodes: Cheese Wiz?
Thor: yes, and Thunder
Thor: 
What do you think is coursing through my veins right now??
Rhodey: 
Cheese Wiz??  ??????
Tony did offer Steve a blueberry
Tony Stark: I gust had a teenager tern to dust in my arms I think thet   I can be cranky!
Play the clip after talking about it! Ugh
13:00 I thought (in canon) Wong listened to those because Strange introduced him to her, as a ploy to cover his ears and swipe books more easily.
The true coat rack. Its worthy. 
Coat rack: You think your cool cap?
Cap: WHAAA?!
Wow Tony hid snacks on scene I wish I was him
I wonder if Vin Diesel improvised any lines.
"Thor: The Dark World may be the black sheep of the MCU" so this video was made BEFORE Captain Marvel xD
Any one else wondering why Star Lord has 6 Fingers on one hand in the thumbnail? 
Just me?
12:55 really? He listened later because Dr. Strange mentioned it. It showed he didn't just ignore him (how it looked like) but actually listened to Strange and was curious about it.
number 19 when I heard that quote I thought he was talking as Quicksilver trying to explain that he ran away and left Hawkeye behind and that was assuming that they never found him
I quote the MCU everyday of my life
I just feel like the Tom Holland line from infinity wars was because he didn’t get a script for that scene
The coat rack was 100% worthy. 
It puts up with everyone else’s bullshit and doesn’t complain.
Why you wouldn't include clips of the lines themselves is beyond me. But ok
RDJ came up with the famous "I am Ironman" line
Ironman TAS Intro 2: "Allow me to introduce myself."
“Why is Gamora?”
RDJ came up with the line "I am Iron Man"
Geezer Butler: "Am I a joke to you?"
9:07 he did offer steve blueberries he just ignored it
"RDJ is such a pro!" Well, he should be. He's been acting since he was, like, 5.
Anyone else feel like these channels are just re releasing the same video because i swear I have seen this video like 8 times
It was an editor that came up with using the "I am Ironman" quote for the finale of Endgame. The Russo's felt the finale scene was missing something..that's when this editor (idk the name) spontaneously came up with the idea & the Russo's immediately used it. It all happened during the reshoot process & editing. In case ya didn't know.
You Missed the ome from Star Lord when he is in prison and put hos middel Finger up
Um, RDJ was called back in by the studio to do the “I am Ironman” line. They had already wrapped production. This is well documented. So, #1 is wrong.
Groot has the best improv lines
CBR: We’re not sure where Tony Stark Ends and RDJ Begins
Me: Wait you still think they’re not the same thing?
12:55 Wong didn’t know what Beyoncé was so he was listening to figure out who she was
"I can do this all day." It may have been scripted, I but I still say it every day.:)
The get help scene was "One of the few scenes we did not improvise" according to Taika Waititi. So this one should not be on the list. source: https://youtu.be/7WahFlp7LKI?t=84
The get help scene was "One of the few scenes we did not improvise" according to Taika Waititi. So this one should not be on the list. source: https://youtu.be/7WahFlp7LKI?t=84
"How many quotes can you mention?"
Me: I think maybe 100
"387?"
Me: yes. 387
Best MCU improv scene was Star-Lord dropping The Orb in GOTG Vol. 1!
7:29 I heard he said I don’t want to go because he go inspiration from Doctor Who when David Tennant was the Doctor and he said I don’t want to go
Sure, I'll click this vid to see a rehash of the lines literally ever person alive knows were improvised in the hopes to get just one original new tidbit of info... Oh, every second of this was a rehash? Damn. Got tricked into supporting another bit of unoriginal content by cbr 
Nick Fury: And she is considered to be the strongest avenger!!!
Thor: Am I just a joke to you.
Steve and Carol:Fighting
Stan Lee:Dont make me come down there  you punk!
0:32 Oh, don't cry, Natasha. In our hearts you'll be the first badass girl in MCU forever.
Like: Captain America 
Comment: Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel: I am the strongest avenger
Thor: hold my hammer
I feel so bad for black widow she should've been first but we have to wait until 2020
0:32: one like=money for black widow solo movie.
0:32 Aw, Poor Black Widow she will be in the movie soon enough
Black Widow will always be my no. 1 female avenger. Then Scarlett Witch
Carol: I was saving the world while you were in ice
Steve: You left and came back years later.
I love how Stan Lee And Jack Kirby is like the parents of the avengers
12:32:00 AM
It’s okay black widow we were all feeling that way when we heard the news
Idc what anyone says Wasp technically had a movie before Captain Marvel
Two captains are fighting but two spideys are just chilli'n!!!!????
I always wanted to meet jack Kirby for making Captain America. 
R.I.P jack Kirby
Stan : Carol Denvers!
Jack : Steve Rogers!
Me : Brie Larson, Chris Evans!
3:06 - This will be a great picture! ?
3:03 Stan: Say, “Excelsior!”
The Stan Lee cameos continue even after his death.
Excelsior!
Captain marvel:I’m the strongest avenger
Ironman: hold my hulk buster 
Petition for them to make an “Avengers level threat” Difficulty
Infinity War: no Hawkeye no win
Avengers Endgame: we had Hawkeye so we won
Avengers video game: Lost cause Hawkeye wasn't there.
I’m hoping this game has free roam at the end
I’m tired of marvel using Taskmaster, a guy who can beat the Avengers solo, as nothing but a throw away villain. Put some respect on dude’s name.
I can already imagine how much my controller is about to be vibrating
Imagine actually thinking Cap is dead at the beginning of the game lol
Something about the combat just doesn‘t feel satisfying
Man scarlet witch and Ant man would’ve offered unique gameplay
"Cutscene: The Game"
WHO WANTS SPIDERMAN BACK WITH MARVEL ?
Civilian: "Help me please!"
Thor: "Are you hurt?"
Civilian: "No Just Stuck"
Me: Dude u have a 16,000 ton bus laying on u l. How tf are u not hurt???????
The combat doesn’t even compare to Spider-man: Ps4
Voice lines are a little cheesy, but the game looks amazing.
Thor’s gameplay reminds me a lot of Kratos’s from GoW
The graphics are so much better... Black widow no longer looks like shrek
I know I'm probably in the minority here but if I'm being honest, I wasn't impressed by the gameplay. It seems bland, repetitive and extremely linear.
This gameplay looks stale as hell.
Admit it, you’re only here because this game got delayed til September!
2:24 bro really just stood there letting Thor wind up his olympic swing
Me: Awesome! I can't wait for 2020! 
Everyone else: BRING SPIDEY BACK TO THE MCU!!! 
Here's my new Venom 2 video and Spider-Man Marvel Phase 4. They're filming right now, so more coming soon. Here's my Spider-Man Into The Spider-Verse 2 Teaser video too! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6K5bKwcgRE&t=0s
I want Venom to get his iconic white symbol.
If Deadpool and Spiderman are in a movie one day, I want deadpool to mention the Sony and Disney beef, calling him out.
Brock: sees news about Spider-Man “killing” Mysterio
Venom: Let’s bite his head off.
I’m glad we have actors that care about their characters.
I literally laughed so hard when I learned that Tom Holland drunkenly cried to keep Spider-Man in the MCU. Also, I’m pretty sure that Peter Parker would do the same thing to prevent Sony from killing Uncle Ben FOR A 4TH TIME!!!!!
You think Spiderman and venom are actually gonna come together ???
Tom Holland really pulled it drunk - "everyone likes it"
I hope it’s a lot darker than the first one was.
I just wish we could see Carnage in a rated R movie.
My wish for the 2020s is to have the spider verse with Holland, Tobey and Garfield. It could be bigger than Endgame!!!
Cletus: "did I ever tell you about the time I was in an orphanage Eddie ?"
Eddie: "No"
Venom can’t beat carnage alone so it’s about 90% we will see another person on his side or something like that
Venom 2 can't come fast enough ? I hope he teams up with venom to fight carnage
if they ruin carnage i swear to god somebody gonna "go missing"
Can't wait for Venom 2
Who's willing to bet that Andy Serkis might do the voice of Carnage......
I'm pretty sure Marvel's spiderman is gonna be knocked into a different reality
I am happy they are bringing JK Simmons back as J Jonah Jameson
Can't wait to see all these movies hope I live long enough to see them all
Make it rated R for once. Every Venom movie should have an R rating. 
MARVEL: can you let us please remove the mistakes
Film editors: No, I dont think I will
Old captain America should’ve been Stan Lee so all the Stan Lee cameos was cap checking in on his friends
Thought they were going to mention the license plate on the car in the thumbnail was wrong.
The infinity glove on Asgard was right handed, Thanos has a left handed one. It was explained as a fake in the movies. Get over it. 99% of this video is pointless and is not true. All these things are here for a reason and are not "Mistakes"
And as for the dwarf and thanos forcing him to do it, Yes, Thanos did force him to do it as there was no help from Asgard AS LOKI TOOK THE THROWN AND WASNT DOING HIS JOB AS KING. Without a leader defending the Cosmos, Thanos was able to take what he wanted because Asgard wasnt defending the 9 realms all thanks to Loki. Marvel wasnt "Pulling a fast one" AS IT WAS EXPLAINED IN THE MOVIE HOW LOKI WASNT PROTECTING THE 9 REALMS SO WITHOUT PROTECTION THANOS WAS ABLE TO TAKE OVER THE STAR AND FORCE HIM TO MAKE THE GLOVE. 
01:44 Cap KNEW that history had to fulfill itself... to unfold in such a way that things would turn out exactly as they did.
Thor 3 was great without Jane
"It got so bad Kevin Feige had to explain the situation. Thanks Kev" - then proceeds to not mention Feige's explanation in any way.
I think the rat was actually a good move. It illustrates, that given enough time, every possible outcome is statistically inevitable.
The dwarf got no help from Asgard dating back to the time when Loki replaced Odin. Thor mentions in Ragnarok that "Odin" (Loki) hadn't been doing what he was supposed to be doing about keeping order throughout the Realms.
The entire point of the algorithm in "Winter Soldier" was to identify threats to Hydra before they became actual threats based on compiled data of their life up to the time "Insight" was set into motion
Ragnarok establishes that while Thor has been away... Loki was not protecting the Nine Realms.  Since Loki impersonated Odin at the end of Dark World... which is before Age of Ultron... it is reasonable to assume that Thanos pressured Eitri into making the gauntlet between these films and therefore does not upset the continuity of the timeline.
The point where the video mentioned that Asgard didnt protect the forge, it was due to loki messing around instead of protecting the nine relms
Killing off Yondu in GOTG2 was WRONG !!!
According to ChineseNewYear.net, "In the terms of yin and yang (??—y?n yáng), the Rat is yang and represents the beginning of a new day."  So it's kinda poetic that a rat would be the animal to bring the universe back into balance.
8:42 makes me suspect these people haven’t actually watched the movies
Cap can't mess with time or else Thanos would come back, come on man.
This was 15 minutes of my life I will never get back many of these "mistakes" are explained in the movies. This was just some moron nit picking whatever they could out of the biggest trilogy we've ever seen. Some of these movies where made 15 years apart or more of course not everything is gonna be 100% acurate get over it
"Marvel wasn't sure how to work in Adam Warlock and they didn't want to just add him in last second."
Oh you mean like Captain Marvel?
3:57 Nick also said in winter soldier: "the last time i trust someone, i lost my eye". too dramatic for the incident with a cat 
Yes, a human would totally survive a 4 hit combo from Thor's hammer
They should have had the Spider-Man developers work on this !!
I would be 10 times as excited to see this game develop by insomniac
Looks like you can beat the game by pushing only two buttons
This game would be better if it was an open world
This has HUGE potential but I'm hoping the game's not just gonna play itself
I'm not gonna say it looks bad but it's not capturing my attention yet.
Im lowkey triggered about how they slept on my man Hawkeye
The difficulty looks as easy as a Lego game. Not that thats necessarily bad however i was expecting more.
18:34 doomsday got tired of DC and decided to jump ship to Marvel
Looks like a game that the media will hate but still buy the game anyways
I feel like this is going to be every mission in the game.
What if they add a free roam for all of the avengers
Taskmaster- "Must be frustrating, always one step behind." proceeds to jump right into a grenade he threw
the fact that this is supposedly pre-alpha footage gives me a little hope for this game
personally cant wait for the game to come out
Wow I expected more from Square Enix..
Graphics on the characters look kind of outdated, especially on their faces.
The sound of Thor’s hammer though ?
Honestly looks meh
Good graphics,lame dialogue,redundant gameplay.
I really hope that it’s going to have a bit of free roam and the choice of characters, if so this would definitely be a game that I play for hours
Imagine them motion capturing the Real Avengers cast
Hey we’res  Hawkeye anybody see him
?????????
??????????????????????????????????……
Can this come out on all the consoles and PC's
This looks like it was directed by Michael Bay, all destruction and no substance.
This game had a chance to impress me at E3 but that meme of a reveal killed my hype for this game. This demo just reinforces that feeling
???????
Press triangle repeatedly to finish game.
I am buying that awesome video game in the future, avengers assemble.
This is what the avengers would look like in spider man ps4
"Carefully hyphed"
?? ??? ????? ????
After actually watching this demo gameplay, I’m so happy that the developers have listened to the complaints and are working on improving the game! It looks like it’ll be fun, but I guess only time will tell!
They better make it actually playable and not just one you click buttons now and then
you were playing this on my brother’s birthday..
the dialogue sounds pretty cringy
When we can buy this game?
Best Video Game Adaptation Tutorial Ever - oh wait.
I'd definitely play this
?????????? ???-??, ??????? ?????, ???????? ????? ???????? ???-??. ????? ?????? ????? ?? ? ????? ???????
This game looks good but I don’t know..
I mean when I look at the combat, I just don’t get the feeling when I play games like god of war...
That’s just my opinion though...
So do the Avengers kill ? I know the average human could not survive being beaten with a hammer by a god.
to everyone wondering where hawkeye is, i don’t think they “forgot” him or didn’t put him in the game. he’ll probably just come later in the story in a way that if they told us in gameplay like this, it’ll be a spoiler...
Taskmaster in Marvel's Spider-Man: Mysterious, badass, assigns Peter challenges so he can copy his moves
Taskmaster in The Avengers: Flying punching bag, could be replaced with any other generic villain if the dialogue was changed
Anyone else got a god of war feeling when Thor was on
??? ????? ??????
You know what bugs me about this? Thor having to hit a guy three times before they fall down or a plastic shield deflecting Mjolnir. Superhero games never get the power scales right and it makes for some pretty uninteresting gameplay. Hulk parkour was also not very interesting to look at seeing as how he's leaped ten stories in the air. The game looks very nice, but the gameplay was not very flattering.
????????PS4?????...
It’s gonna take a whole lot for me to get over Nolan doing Ironman, I just hear Deadpool
Gameplay looks rather 1 dimensional, seems as though every character besides Hulk has a brawler-like attack, and a ranged attack
Thor's Gameplay looks similar to the new God of war's gameplay
1:00. Hopefully not the game developers.
No way. I need this game
It would be great if they gave the a.i. some kind of emotion while you fight them (fear, surprise, remorse, etc).
??????????
The best game from Avengers!hulk smash, stunning and flash!
It has the nice interesting tone to It lets wait for the full product to judge it
They need do a better job on the voices but it still looks like a good game
60 fps,multi player!Looks like a great game!can't wait!
Superb gameplay, I'm definitely buying this one
You did NOT just do that to Cap, he was like, the ONLY reason I was looking forward to this game. Bummer.
Overwatch 2 : Avengers Initiative
I was actually excited for this until I saw it was created by square enix
??? ?? ????
Taskmaster's shield looks like a damn trash can lid
20% playing, 80% watching .... nice game, better watch Avengers movie
Is this kamala khan...??
Avengers game comes
Hawkeye and Deadpool: "first I miss Thanos and now this!?"
Finally a descent  super hero game with great visual unlike marvel alliance
This game looks sooo awesome and I am excited to play it next year
I love watching the gameplay over and over again.
damn, imagine how much GB it's gonna take to download this, I hope this game doesn't let me down
Not going to lie. I'm a bit underwhelmed. add the fact that they wont include local multiplayer and i probably won't buy. Some people don't wanna play alone. Just me?
That was beatiful ?
This game would be a lot better if they had used the actual characters voices from the movies...
How many ppl would love to have an off shoot marvel fighting game like injustice called Civil War?
now, seriously... where is hawk eye
Can't say I'm surprised they're making an Avengers game...I suppose you could it was...'Inevitable' 
Sick of thumbnail pictures that has nothing to do with the video
Disagree with the assessment of James Spader's performance of Ultron. He did a great job especially as a sole voice actor like Josh Brolin.
click bate for people who where expecting Brie Larson lol.. me too
There was nothing wrong with James Spader's portrayal of Ultron. Its was spot on.
Annoying how this guy has no idea what he's talking about.
I loved James's portrayal of Ultron
Are you kidding? James Spader's Ultron has a sense of pity on humans, which was spoton
do you even know what fired means? to terminate a contract! most of them had contract for a single movie, they got the job done and they left
James Spader did a great job as Ultron.
Dude.... Ultron is my favorite villan to date. Age of Ultron is still my favorite avengers movie. I had no problem w the portrayal.
Video starts at 2:12 everything before that is blah blah blah
A. James Spader was amazing as ultron and there was nothing wrong with it 
B. I actually enjoyed the hulk and it was part of the mcu
C. What does the thumbnail have to do with the video, I mean I know Brie Larson causes trouble on set but she was nowhere near getting fired 
These actors had contracts. Some contracts was longer than others. contracts depending on the character, Maria hill still has a contract and in her contract marvel could call her in to appear in any upcoming movie. So even though her roles was short she could still return at any moment if Marvel needs her. Chris Evans contract was supposed to be over before infinity war he extended it. Thor’s contract was extended after ragnarok. The reason why I know this because I spend time with these characters and constantly watching the movies and reading the comics. plus it’s on google. marvel didn’t kick them out. eventually these actors will get old and they have to replace them with younger actors. That’s business. This is the stupidest channel that ever came up on my newsfeed and with the most inaccurate information. Find a new job
Spader's Ultron was spot on perfect casting!
Clickbait, a ton of this is just explaining what the MCU is, highlighting characters that ended simply due to poor writing, only one that an actual firing.
James did a great job, it was the director's fault for making such a weak film and sequel.
I thought Ultron was perfect!!
I believe Terence after all it falls in line with what Stan Lee's daughter said of how they treated her father.
After years of Steve saying "I could do this all day" he finally realized that its pretty annoying
James portrayed Ultron amazingly well
the incredible hulk was always meant to be in the mcu. stark appears at the end of it.
If Terrence hadn't been hired then RDJ would probably never have been considered for the role of Tony Stark and the MCU would have looked very different.
Regarding James Spader as Ultron, is the director of that movie not responsible for the actors portrayal of there characters?  Of course the main actors do have some input the role of their characters, but ultimately it does come back to the director.  I believe your version of responsibility on the actor instead of the director is grossly unfair.
They blame uptrons actor yet the script was poor
SPADER WAS PERFECT AS ULTRON! The script was trash
I like how they have Brie Larson on the cover of this video, abit disappointed that she wasn't really featured in this video..
Terrence didn't get fired..he walked as Mickey did.
How was the hulk not part of the MCU when Iron Man shows up in the end of the movie
I like don cheadle as war machine but I absolutely would’ve had a closer emotional connection to the character of it stayed with Terrance Howard.
most of them in the list were not fired, their characters just had no longer purpose in the mcu, and mostly bec. they are dead.
Two minutes and 10 seconds!  Get to the point!!
I thought Spader's  performance was excellent and especially liked that he didn't twirl his mustache.
Loved ultranationalist voice!
Phooey.   James Spader was great as Ultron
Then there’s the case of Clark Gregg. One of the iconic characters in the early movies and one of the best casting choices , then exiled to AOS which ultimately gets disconnected from the MCU. C’mon, the guy now has Kree blood and loads of space travel experience. He deserves another shot.
Personally, I thought Spader was  a great Ultron.
Loki is the hero of his show he will fight against other villains maybe thanos and his children himself hela and other cosmic villains.
Every picture of Mr. Fiegie makes him look like he just felt something slip out that wasn't gas.
You have to play your role well in order to have your role longer and to star in movies. That's how Marvel's actors did it!!!
Man this makes me feel some type of way.
Can someone tell me whats happening in the thumbnail?
Ultron is my favourite mcu villian purely because of James Spader. I just don’t see anyone else being able to articulate the role in the same way he did.
I keep getting terence (rhody) 
Mixed with cooba gooding junior
I do still mis him cause i have to say i loved him more as Rhodes
Terrence got paid less and Mickey got a lot of scenes cut from the movie and he prepared very hard for them...
Saying Spader was not the right pick is right where this video ended for me.
There is no "X" in "especially"!!!!
Its ok when fired at Marvel you can find work at DC. when fired at DC you can find work at Marvel
Everyone believes what they hear or record or I what I said etc... fools!!
Ah yes, I remember that time Marvel fired Brie Larson for... I'm gonna guess some jewelery that she was wearing? Anyways, that's why Katheryn Winnick plays Captain Marvel now.
the thumbnail almosT killed me........
If he was still in the mcu he wouldn't have been in empire
The incredible hulk was my favorite marvel movie
I actually like James Spader as Ultron, though I will disagree less with assertions that Avengers 2 was a weaker film.
Spade's Ultron mirrored quite well elements of his creators (Tony and Bruce) and the dark sides of their personalities...the arrogance and ego of Stark with Banner's habit of viewing things through a two-sides-only perspective.
Did he just say 'expecially'?  haha garbage tier
Terrance be like: Hey yo, what’s goin on wit my cash flow, Iron Mayne?
I really like the character of wanda who can both as a hero as well as even greater villain.
Other than Loki + Thanos there have been no other long running villains in the mcu that I can think of. Also I think they should have a villain who (not sits in the background and commands from the shadows) but one who is always a present kind of like Loki but more involved and longer running.
Ultron was made after tony, took to his personality, and meant to be sinister. And the continuous talking from ultron was supposed to be that way
That Incredible Hulk movie is actually canon to the MCU. It contains a post credit scene featuring RDJ, and the general Ross in the movie is the same general Ross in the MCU AND footage from the movie pops up in the first avengers when tony looks at the file containing info on the other avengers( before they actually formed the avengers). So that movie is canon to the MCU ?????
Would have been hilarious if Hemsworth metoo'd Larson
The news in this vid is so old you should have been embarrassed to post it. 
Let’s be honest, if Elizabeth Olsen wore the suit thy scarlet witch wears in the comics then the Movie wouldn’t be rated PG-13?
Drax stands out whether he is green, gray, or invisible.
Armor Logic:
Men - More armor,More Protection
Elizabeth Olsen definitely does Scarlet Witch’s trademark cleavage justice
I bet 80% of the comments are about Elizabeth olsen
Don’t let this distract you from the fact, Quicksilver is still dead in the MCU.
Elizabeth Olsen in a corset or outfit from comic book. I wouldn't complain to either way
2:17 "Major Dr. Strange vibe" ??? Really? He looks more like Batman which is probably why they left it out.
Good thing Black Widow's costume didn't change
I'd be seriously confused
The ancient one punched banners spirit out of hulk 
 Mind blown ?
Y’all either perverts or just weird I liked the new Scarlet witch a lot!! The old was one was nude and that would totes hate the suit jk..... but seriously I like this suit
They have said Zemo will get his mask in the Falcon, and Winter Soldier.
Do you honestly think that Elizabeth Olsen wants to look like a playboy bunny in the film??? And that people wanted to see her wearing that costume??
Cbr has two things constant! !
1 . 0 views 27? ???
2.Avengers videos ????
Atleast give Wanda her wimple. Zemo's getting his mask and Mysterio got his fishbowl.
Omg I wish we had comic version of scarlet witch.  
I love Elizabeth Olsen
I love how the costumes in movies covered the bodies, for both females and males. Its about their story and powers, not their bodies. Thank u Marvel
CBR: Transformation from comics to MCU 
Me: ah shoot, here we go again........
BTW I Like your videos........
um to be honest i think the mcu did a huge improvement on the comics because to be honest some of the comic outfits looked inappropriate so I'm thankful for the mcu making the outfits very modern and also appropriate
CBR you forgot Mantis from Guardians of the Galaxy 2. 
Keep the tissues close by and click over to Noovie to see and read more: https://www.noovie.com/stories/top-10-marvel-deaths-that-still-hurt-116
You know, the most SADDEST Marvel Death there is,
The one and only: 
"Don't Waste It... Don't Waste Your Life Stark"
- Yinsen
"I'm sorry that I didn't do none of it right, but I'm damn lucky you're my boy"
I'M NOT CRYING, YOU'RE CRYING
Reasons the world started crying:
2018-“ Mr.Stark... I don’t feel so good”
2019-“ I am Iron Man” & “ I Love You  
             3000”
I’m still in pain over losing Tony, Natasha, Gamora and Loki
Yondu had a great death that will be remembered
Who’s still crying after tony stark “I want an American cheeseburger”
Here are some honourable mentions:
-Antony from ’Ant-Man’
-The sheep used for lap experiments from ’Ant-Man’
“None of that matters peter...your my friend”
“Best friend”
“I love you 3000”
*cries uncontrollably
"He may have been your father, boy, but he wasn't your daddy."
Loki's was the saddest? he went from trying to kill his brother to trying to protect him in the end and excepting that he was odins son?
For me Nat's sacrifice was the most painful and heart breaking..
That "Let me go"
..still makes me hard to breathe...even I have watched it a dozen of times....
Anyone who didn’t watch end game 
I actually shed a tear when Natasha died.
That was like, the first time I had cried in a marvel movie.
Jeez
#1 death that still hurt is our beloved Stan Lee.
Love him 3000
Thank you all. 
Others : Avengers deaths hurts alot 
Me : hold my beer, I'm a fan of wolverine and that really hurts still?
Ones that hurt the most..
"I'm Mary Poppins, y'all!"
"I love you 3000."
for me Natasha will always be on the top. she is my favorite and her death was, i think, the saddest one.
Two things:
1: It’s the third snap
2: Don’t you mean daughter and son because Peter Parker was pretty much Tony’s son
"Where's Gamora?"
"I'll do you one better, WHO'S Gamora?"
"I'll do you one better, WHY is Gamora?"
Arguably one of the best lines in the MCU
Logan still hits hard every time I see it ?
I’ve seen endgame like 15 times and I still cry over Stark’s death. It’s so sad. Love you 3000 Tony Stark.
Yondu's death was the saddest for me James Gun's just an incredible director
The greatest line in all the MCU is “I’m Mary Poppins, y’all.” I die every time.
"We are Groot" am I one of the few who caught the whole he is the first Foots son. True Tonys death has more feels but it should have been on the list.
The scene where Gwen dies hits me everytime god damn it.
“i’m sorry i didn’t do none of it right, i’m damn lucky your my boy”
"She's not alone."  Ugh Natasha why, why did you have to leave?  
Iron Man, Natasha and Vision were my top three hardest to see leave.  UUUUUUGH!
“Don’t be what they made you” hit me right in the feels & started crying like a big baby! And I’m 21???
R.I.P. Iron Man/Tony Stark
The Armored Avenger
R.I.P. Tony Stark / Iron Man 
Proof that Tony Stark
Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Logan, Spider-Man 3, and Spider-Man are not part of the MCU
When Yondu died, it felt like losing a dad.
When Tony died, it felt like losing a best friend.
When you realise Spiderman Into The Spiderverse was the only Spiderman with a dad:
Black widow's death hurt so much, as did Iron man's ???
Dad upstairs: Why you crying so damn loud?
Me:
Stan Lee we will remember you in our heart
“He May have been your father, but he wasn’t your daddy.” Best line Michael Rooker has delivered. That look Yondu gave Peter was that, he was always his Daddy.
I guarantee that if u say “I am Iron Man” or “I Love You 3000” everyone in the room would break down crying
Yondu was one of my favorite characters. Im honestly pissed he died
Yondu's death had me crying till my pillow was dripping??????
Just curious,  did anyone else bawl there eyes out when agent Coulsion died
12:00 RIP Tony Stark you will be always remembered. "I am Iron man " best last line ever
Did you know that starlord in avengers endgame is on EARTH!!! 
loki only on an honorable mention. You’re dead.
if it wasn’t tony stark i was gonna be pissed and literally logan is a justified number 2 pic
"He may have been your father, but he wasn't your daddy! - Yondu Udonta
Top 10 marvel deaths that still hurt
10. Stan Lee
9. Stan Lee
8. Stan Lee
Gwen Stacy’s death was so sad. It never failed to make me cry
My top six are, in descending order: Tony Stark, Gamora, Logan, Black Widow, Charles Xavier, and Yondu Udonta
When I saw this video in my feed I said:
YES GIVE ME DEATH
“I’m going to miss him, we were friends, you know.” stan lee about spider-man in into the spider verse. :(
I bet Ironman will be on the list
Because we love him 3000
#1 Stan Lee
Nobody's death is as sad as Stan Lee's
I felt sad when Logan died. I cried when Tony died
I cried at everyone of these but the most sad one was Black Widow and Iron Man
Groot is back but its death in volume 1 was so heartbreaking.
"We are Groot".
“I love you 3000”
IM NOT CRYING, YOUR CRYING ??
First line to hawkeye "you didnt see that coming."  Last line to hawkeye "you didnt see that coming " r.i.p. my fellow heros??
2019 : iron man nooooooooo
honestly i cried a lot more when gwen stacy died lmao
I only cried at Yondu and Logan’s deaths
(Edit) I typed this BEFORE the Iron Man one
Nat and Tony didn’t move me at all. Yondu’s death killed me.
Saddest death
Thanos: I am inlevitable
Iron man: I am iron man
Why didn't you include Stan Lee. First of his death is sad, and secondly, he was in every Marvel Movie.
A WatchMojo video actually acknowledging Quicksilver's death? I didn't see that coming.
That ironman death literally made me cry, even up to now, how could they kill Tony?, nooooo?????
After watching rise of sky walker and now this I’ve just started to love marvel even more
Dude I always thought Gwen's body snaped but her HEAD HIT I'm so sad now bc I had no idea it was that bad???
The 3 deaths that made me sad as a kid was uncle Ben's death, Harry's death and doc ocks cos he was sick
Gwen’s death was probably the freakiest. I mean honestly. Her head smashes on the ground. That’s a horrific death
to be Honest It didn't hurt me when Iron man died in Endgame because I had a feeling that he would die due to the Trailer
8:24 “that’s my freaking father”. ??
Are we not gonna talk about how the clock stops at 1:21 when Gwen's head hit the ground?  That was such a big easter egg.
“Seeing a character who was with us for 11 years” has she ever seen the zombies storyline
“I love you 3000”
I’ll Never forget you Tony 
Marvel death that hurts the most: Thanos.
“we’ll always love you 300 Tony”
me: SHUT UP
Tony: “I love you 300”
me: I SAID SHUT UP
Yondu’s death broke my heart honestly.
Pietro was such a sassy character, I wish he lived.
I love how bonded Clint and Natasha are.
Ya'll need to mourn Natasha's sacrifice more. She's been with us from the start.
Loki's death killed me... He was all Thor had left, he lost his eye, hammer, mother, father, sister, and his brother. Loki and Thor finally started to get along and then Thanos killed him. STILL LOOKING FOR THAT DAMN SUN LOKI
Yondu's death was the best/saddest for me...and I'm still annoyed we lost such a great character!
I‘m a hardcore Avengers fan but Logan‘s death made me cry way more than everything else. I cried LITERS when Laura made that cross to a X. omg that was soooo sad holy shit imma cry again ??????
When u already know whose death will top the list
4:46 Gwen Stacy fell from a high place
“I am Iron Man!” He started off the 10-year span with that quote and ended it the same way! He is proof that you must make tough decisions in order to have a great outcome in the end. #WeLoveYou3000
why is Loki on the honorable mentions list!!!!!!
The saddest Death ? 
R.I.P stan lee ???
Gwen Stacy’s death from Amazing Spider-Man 2 still hits me really hard.
Harry Osborn's death was the first time I saw a good guy character who is so loved by the Hero die in movies... It still hurts when I see it now. I mean I knew Uncle Ben would die, my dad already told me before showing me Spiderman  (I guess technically Mufasa's death in Lion King is the first death I saw on screen and not understand it yet feel sad about it)
We will never forget the one who carried the MCU...
When this happened, I cried in the inside in all of this.
#1 Stan the legend Lee RIP
Everyone: Cries when Iron man dies
Me:  Cries when Antony dies.
I bet i was the only one who was sad over antony
I think the saddest deaths for me will always be Peter's "Mr. Stark I don't feel so good." "I don't want to go!" and Tony's "We did it, Mr. Stark" "I love you 3000" and Nat's "No, you tell them yourself" ?
I will admit the death of yondu with that song playing literally made me cry
I don’t feel like Gwen Stacy should be on the list because this movie was a part of Sony
I was upset Gwen didnt make it to the top 5, after all, her single death marks the end of an era in comics. But, damm... Marvel has suffer huge deaths. That top 5 is definetely worthy
Aaron Davis: is one of the villain's but also is the uncle of a hero-
Vader: hold my lightsaber
Yondus death, that does put a tear in my eye
I'd have put Yinsen on the list. Without him, Tony would've been dead in a week.
i almost cried when uncle ben died
tony's death was sad too
Yinsen from Iron Man 1 told tony"Don't Waste It... Don't Waste Your Life Stark"t that was sad too
I'm sooo freaking glad yall added Yandu on this list?? He will be remembered!
R.I.P IRON MAN
We love you 3000 ????
Wanda could have changed thanos mind to change his thinking or ripped him apart but they never gave her the true power.
Me as a kid: Uncle Ben dies cries
Me now: Tony Stark dies cries harder
Number three's definitely yondu, however number 2 is Tony oh, both of those still hurt however number one is Stan Lee because without him none of this would have ever come around!
Watching this while I still mourn of my moms passing that happened this weekend. Makes it even worse.
WatchMojo: Beware of spoilers
Also WatchMojo: *Shows Yondu on the thumbnail
04:29:00 AM
“You gotta be quicker than that”
The real villan was doctor strange he had the time stone he could have reversed all of those deaths.
That scene between Gomora and  Thanos is heartbreaking I believe it was also hard on Thanos
Before I watch this, Tony's death must be number one
Edit: Good
Still feel the scar of Logan's death
Put Gwen Stacy’s death in amazing spider man 2 as an honorable mention and replace it with OG death Uncle Ben.  I didn’t cry one bit when Gwen died in that movie.  Uncle Bens death set the standard and is iconic.  Honorable mention????
Some people forget most of these deaths
I love how when I'm watching this a wendy's ad interupts Yondus death.....
Loki's death was way more than an honorable mention, to me at least. I remember through the rest of the movie waiting for him to come back, regardless of what Thanos said. Not only did I enjoy the way Tom Hiddleston played  him, but his character had such a cool ark. Even though you were never entirely sure which side he was fighting for, you could still see that character development. And really, the ambiguous, changeable, nature of his moral compass (or lack thereof) made him that much more interesting. Loki, Black Widow, and Quiksilver were the ones that hurt the most to me.
"The light will shine upon us again my brother" Loki-2019
I had somehow managed to forget the "I love you 3000" part and now I'm crying ???
I'm going to say three things one I did not cry a single tear when Tony died it was kind of predictable. 2 yondu or Uncle Ben should have been first. 3rd in the honorable mentions you should have at least put Stan rip
When iron man and gamora died everybody was punching the air smh
Says, "we think #1 on this list is a inevitable as thanos"
Me: oh, it's good ol Stan le... Wait, your serious! Well frik!
Yondu's death was the first time I teared up in theaters
Still mourning a lot of these deaths, I’m crying
:18 seconds in and im already crying...
Actually when thanos reversed time to get the stone after a depressing moment i laughed
I like Yondu character, in the end he always protect Quill
brighter news that should cheer people up: SPIDERMAN IS BACK WITH THE MCU!!!
2. Iron Man
1. Stan Lee
"Excelsior."
No, i thought I'm gonna be okay to watch it ? but it still makes me cry. My eyes hurt because i cried so much ?. Love marvel and i love stan lee
I started crying when Clints family dusted Jajajaja inagine when my two favorite characters died(Nat and Tony)I CRIED SO MUCH
Stans Lee's is not even a marvel hero on the MCU and it still hurts.
Natasha's death was sadder than Yondu's in my opinion.
groot should be on this list "we are groot"
Black widow's death hurt my back on that one. :(
I LITERALLY GOT AN AD AT THE PROWLER'S DEATH AND IT FREAKING SAID 
"Moments that change lives."
I cried out all my tears on Yondu's death
Don't you hate it when characters die in the movie they're introduced in?
I just watched  G of G twice and yondus still hurts and so does Tony's
These legends lives on in our hearts and memories ?? U 3k
thanos: snaps* nothing happens.
iron man: u bout to get screwed
thanos: oh sh*t
I literally cried when tony dies it was my first time crying because of a movie
Yensen's death should be in place of gamora
My eyes filled with tears when i wathed tony, nat, peter and vision
I felt very sad at every death including thor cuting thanos's head
But gamora's death made me feel nothing
10:13 his face... ??
Yandu was more heart breaking than Tony
"You will die with your heart in your hands"...
sniff sniff
We don't talk about The Amazing Spiderman, with Andrew Garfield. We just don't. It's an unwritten rule.
As someone once said to me"we cry for the one we love, because we care.we mourn the one we love, but we'll never forget them".
The only death in this list I actually shed a tear at was Gwen Stacy's, likely due to the way Peter reacted, I would've put it way higher up the list.
"He may have been your father boy, but we wasn't your daddy" ????
''I love you 3000"
We both know its not your first time here
Of course I have issues !!!!
Yondu over Black Widow, Professor X, Gwen Stacy?! SURE, Mojo, sure.
Damn you Watchmojo I was just getting over Tony Death ?? thanks for reminding me !
Logan got into me more than iron man actually
I cried when Prof x died. But I did not cry when Widow died smh that was not sadder
im crying I miss iron man ?
I literally crying like a little girl when Yondu dies
"The sun will shine on us again" That's the best line Loki ever said.
Despite knowing my boy will come back and have his own show, His death still hits me like a ton of bricks. I just want my vizh Back.
Every Spider-Man: uncle dies
Sam ramy: Spider-Man: best friend dies
Amazing Spider-Man: girlfriend dies
Mcu Spider-Man: dies
Damn it, who's cutting onions in here?
Before watching this from my recommendation , I KNEW THE FIRST ONE WILL BE IRON MAN...
“I love you 3000” 
I’m done I just can’t take it
also Gwens dad in the amazing spiderman I remember seeing that first amazing spiderman movie in theaters! I always thought there was gonna be a 3rd movie really disappointed but whatever born in 2003 always.
"I may not be your dad. But i'm still your daddy."
Don’t you just love when in the middle of a sad death, AN AD COMES UP
For me the saddest death is quil step dad 
When I see the thumbnail i literly cried cuz i remeber it...itd just sad ok dont judje me not choosing iron man
He should upload part of his conscious like Zora did. With their technology they might be able to keep him alive with a body like Vision. Or more advance than Vision.
Vision’s death broke my heart ??
1:53 vision gasps for air even tho hes a robot
I'm fully prepared for Tony stark's cries I'm...fully...prepared...
Oh come on I'm trying to forget ironman died but  YouTube still reminding me every time ?
Stan Lee:I am gonna miss him
Me:*says what Stan Lee siad* After his death
01:51:00 AM
How boys remove pimples
"So this is what it feels like" - Logan
??
I personally feel yondus deserves 2nd and greens and Logan's are even cannon
After end game iron man's death had me in tears for 2 weeks I still cry for Robert ??
#1 Actually made me cry.
10: Vision
9: QuickSilver
8: bwpdk jaguar (forgot lol)
7: Mile's Uncle (into the spiderverse)
Honorable Mentions: DEATH IS WHAT GIVES LIFE MEANING. ~ Ancient One
Bet Iron Man is number 1
Edit: LOOK AT WHO WAS RIGHT
Yondu will always be my fictional dad?? RIP Mary Poppins
When Yondu died, I weeped like a baby.
The first time i nevercriedbut when i watched endgame again in started crying like a little girl during the funeral scene. And ive never cried in a movie before
Haven’t watched one second of the video, I know Tony is number one.
I almost cried when Thanos got snapped
Death of Logan, Yondu  AND IRON MAN and Charles Xavier Makes me feel. 
END OF XMEN ERA......
The deaths of Professor X, Wolverine, and Uncle Ben affected me the most.
Xaviers death hit really hard. I grew up with my grandfather who developed dementia. I watched his mind slowly fade away to the point he didn't even know who I was anymore.
the overly quippy nature of the mcu leaves most of there so called emotional moments weak to me......iron man was okay but outside of that meh imo.....
I was sad when Thanos died I was crying ?
I cried like a girl when they Killed Gwen Stacy, didn't expect it at all.
In my opinion, the Ancient Ones' death still hurts ?
Say it or not, Yondu had the best funeral in the whole  MCU
I can’t wait until there is a movie is called Laura
Tony Stark is number one always ??? 
if they are deleted scenes and we will never see then how do you know about them ?
What about the 155 takes of Tobey Maguire trying to catch all those items on the lunch tray?
But that thimbnail wasn't a deleted scene....
9:20 the one we all came for
I came because of Tom Holland...and I'm a guy
I want a 3 hour run time movie bruh I love movies but I h8 how short they are
There was a deleted scene in Incredible Hulk where you can see Caps shield.  This was before there were any Captain America movies, and the MCU really didn't exist yet, at least not how we know it now.
Iron man was daddy from day one
The one where T'challa remembers how his dad gave him the title of the black panther while T'chakka was still king should have been in the movie because that was one of the biggest questions I had about the movie; "If the black panther is only crowned on challenge day and we get to see T'challa's challenge day when he becomes king in the movie, then how was he already the black panther?"
02:46:00 AM
If their deleted...and we'll never get to see them..
How are we seeing them now?
"You'll never get to see"
Shame on you for clickbaiting me with Tom Holland's perfect body! SHAME ON YOU!
I’ve got no problem with a 3 hour movie in these circumstances, or a separate extended version ya know?
IVE SEEN HALF OF THOSE DELETED SCENES. LOOK ONLINE AND IN DVD BONUSES
The alternate opening for The Incredible Hulk was referenced by Banner in The Avengers
FIRST TO PRETEND THAT IM FIRST EVEN THOUGH IM OBVIOUSLY NOT
Why is this called "scenes you'll never get to see" when at least two of the scenes described are available to watch in bonus content?
Should just release a uncut version of each movie just like LOTR & The HOBBIT.
I've seen some of these ... on YouTube, so the title of this video is inaccurate.
"25 Deleted Marvel Scenes You'll Never Get To See"
We just saw them though ?
Then there is DCEU who cut almost 30-45 minutes from each movies
6:05 that's star lord mom 
Plot twist: Captain America is Star Lords real dad. ?
Are we not seeing them in this video.
with 17 if they had filmed a scene that was in the script but never filmed. Hawkeye would have had a cameo. Where him and Cap would have had a fight so Shield would believe  Hawkeye was trying to ring Cap in but it was so Hawkeye could warn cap their was a tracker in his suit.
"You'll never get to see..." 
You do realize that most of these are actual deleted scenes, right? Like, just Google it. You can see it.
The language they use in Black Panther is Xhosa not Wakandan. 
It's a real language
I'm not sure I want to see them anymore?
I like how we "never get to see them", even though he is showing them to us
Wait, I've never seen Thor: The Dark World without that scene between Loki and his mother. I guess they restored it, or maybe the version of the movie I've seen just had the deleted scenes included or something...
Waaaaaaiiiiitttt
How did you know about these scenes if they were removed?
“Good luck and shoelaces”
That is the best delete scene of history
..but I just saw them? Lmaoo
"Five marvel scenes you'll never get to see"
I just saw them lol
internally screaming
Me: screaming I have been waiting to long for this! I love young Justice, and Nightwing is so hot!
I wish you actually put the scenes
On my DVD of iron man Tony stark and yenson do play back gammon
Love the scene in the end, Tony asking Dummy about his cap, so cute.
0:51 dude look at the iron man scenes and turn down the volume and just LOOK AT THE DOWN GRADE OF CGI!! Iron man looked more real in 2008 THAN 2016!!! OMG
It said you will never see
Than what is this video!??? 
I mean it doesn’t look bad but it’s not exactly impressive either
ONCE AGAIN THE AVENGERS LOST CAUSE HAWKEYE WASN'T THERE
The dialogue is the most generic comic book dialogue I think I’ve ever heard on screen.
This looks like one of the games that will be for free on ps plus eventually
The only reason someone would buy this game:
12:49:00 PM
Insomniac's Spider-Man just ruined my expectations for this game
Spiderman PS4 Taskmaster = intimidating psychopath anti-villain
Avengers Taskmaster = 4chan edgelord
I'm amazed that, in my lifetime, I've gotten to the point where a nigh photo-realistic video game of the somewhat obscure comic and cartoon characters that made me giddy as a kid, looks so so so SO incredibly dull. That shouldn't have been possible.
They really need to work on the sound design. None of the shots or blows feel satisfying, like they're very clearly not mixed well enough.
The taskmaster in Spider-Man looked way more menacing and combat actually looked cool and fast, that slow swoop he did on black widows even I could dodge that
For iron Man I just hear Nathan Drake in the iron Man suit
Ah another fighting game in which the only button that is needed is square
The graphics looks really nice, but that thing
*Avenger faces*
Are we gonna ignore the fact that the people they beat up are definitely dead?
2:14 Same animation 3 times in a row
I think I know what's missing. The attacks don't really have any real impact, it's way too slow paced, and the characters' personalities just aren't clicking.
1:34 4 hits with mjolnir just for 1 guy? Something wrong is not right!
Increase the playback speed to 1.25
Thank me later.
3:00 they're gonna remove those puddles and everyone will go NUTS
"This game makes you feel like The Avengers" ~IGN Reviewer 
Marvel: Black Widow movie 2020
Soul stone: Am I a joke to you
Shang-chi first marvel asian character
Wong:Am i a joke to you?
1. Spiderman far from home
2. Black widow
3. The Eternals
4. Black Panther 2
I miss tony stark here are the people who likes tony stark
??
This is How many people who wants a solo movie for Scarlet Witch
??
They will be different without Tony Stark
Love 3000
Comment Section: We miss iron man 3000
Me: I miss Stan
MCU: Characters die and dont come back because of contracts
Comics: characters die at least 1000 times and always come back
Avengers 5 will have this one character called galactus, also known as even more powerful and frightening than thanos
I gotta admit i never knew who the eternals were
Who's with me
Marvel fans: we want black widow solo movie!
Marvel: * kills black widow *
Personally I'm going to miss the Stan Lee cameos more than Tony Stark, cause that's one thing we wont ever see again in the upcoming Marvel Movies... Stan Lee's physical presence
 in his extraordinary creations will be sadly missed.
Is there a falcon movie?
What about Thor : love and thunder . In 2021
If one mf comment another "Am I a joke to you?" Joke, I swear im gonna lose it.
Marvel without Captain America,Black Widow, and Iron man?
That's like pizza without cheese and toppings.
imagine there  was : Ragnorok returns
We need a film for scarlett witch. Shes had such a hard time in the MCU.
I wish they will make a gotg 3 with Thor in it
3:32 when chrome opens after clicking it 1000 times
Marvel can never replace what Iron man and Captain America have given to us over the last 10 years....the first avengers.....future kids will nvr know that craze of watching these superheroes....thank you Robert Downey jr & Chris Evans???
If tony and Steve don’t come back I’m out
What about the “noob master” movie?
I can't already wait for Doctor Strange: In the Multiverse of Madness and Thor: Love and Thunder.
Hey guardians of the galaxy vol. 3 can also be released
At least we got to hear Cap say "Avengers, Assemble"
Thor love and thunder Coming out November 5 2021
Thor 4
Just want iron man and cap back how they were and Alive
2:17 that's a celestial not an eternal
I'm here again after watching endgame. Please bring back Tony stark! 
Anyone January 2020?
SPOILER:
My dad is a chef for these type of films and he’s trying to get black widow!
odd flex but ok
Doctor Strange for me is the new Ironman, like this character so much...
What about Asguardians of the galaxy? (not official name but my best guess)
I'm hoping for a movie for scarlet witch aka wanda ?
Honestly those movies have gotten saturated after so many. I can't really see myself going to the movies.
Asgardians of the galaxy
FEBRUARY 12 IS MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Daymn eternals,Black phanter2,dr strange2,black widow im hyped bro
It feels like when Stan Lee died, some avengers died with him.
All i really want is a GOTG 3
Black window sacrificed her self only to get her friends back and get the soul stone ?? so sad
Spoiler Alert
Everyone, Scarlet Witch will be in Doctor Strange II, In the Multiverse of Madness. She will be teaming up with Doctor Strange.
> Marvel announces movies starring people who were turned to dust in "Infinity War"
Thanos: "Am I a joke to you?"
I want a movie about Scarlet Witch ?
The Avengers should time travel back in time to bring back Tony Stark when he's about to snap his fingers in endgame..
Guardians of the Galaxy vol 3 could also release in 2020
I want to have Ironman 4 in 2020 ??
Don’t mind me just waiting for them to finally make a solo movie for the Maximoff Twins
Black Widow who gave 10 years to marvel but didn't get a solo movie and now dead in end game...feeling sad for her character
Got all of them but Thor 4 instead of B.P 2
that's all well and good but when is the "Asgardians" of the Galaxy volume 3 coming out? lol
They said there are 8 upcoming movies...
They were talking about another Thor Movie 
And something else I forgot
There's also Captain Marvel 2, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 and plans for a new Ant Man film
They better be doing an “Asgaurdians of the Galaxy”
I'm just waiting for the moment
I was hoping to see ‘The Winter Solder’ in a new Marvel movie. ?
No avengers game over please Give the answer?????
Don't care that much about the MCU after Captain Marvel and the direction that Marvel seem to want to take for the next movies. I might watch Black Panther 2 and Dr, Strange 2 because I like those character. Black Widow might be a good movie but I feel it's being made too late, should have been made before Captain Marvel and when the character was still alive.
I can’t move on without Iron man, black widow and captain America
Roses are red violets are blue we all miss iron man and so do you
First asian led role ? 
Marvel's Agent of shield :
Skye/Daisy/Quake : Am I a joke to u ?
My sibling believes that, in Black Panther 2, Wakanda has a war with Atlantis and T’challa and Namor will fight one-on-one. But they will stop fighting and work together in order to stop someone who threatens both of their people. That someone, my sibling believes, is going to be Kraven the Hunter.
02:33:00 AM
"Mark, What Are You"
dOing iN mY SwAmP?
Imagine Black Panter Comes Back To Life In 'Endgame' And Then He Yell "THANOS!! AS YOU CAN SEE I AM NOT DEAD!"
For Shang hai get the dude from crazy rich asains
Any one came for looking iron Man character
Who said anything about The Eternals, Black Panther 2 coming out in 2020 maybe 2021
Omg ive been waiting the movie the eternals because I wanted to see The Celestials
Um methinks someone forgot about Guardians vol 3...
i really want the avengers to continue <:(
I've just realized the only Marvel movies I haven't watched since the first Blade is The Punisher movie.
wow this is amazing i have seen
YASSS so excited for the first asian mc ???
Everyone said that it is different without Tony Stark
But for sure, it is different without Stan Lee
I love IRON man 
Miss you 3000
We want stark back
This makes me feel slightly better after endgame
Shang Chi release
Year:20xx
people: WE WANT BLACK WIDOW SOLO MOVIE!
marvel: kills black widow
4:03 Shang - chi year inf
Venom 2 - Carnage (2020) Is also confirmed. ?
My child Stark won’t be in any more of these films it’s devastating ?? my brain hasn’t come to realisation yet that I’ll never see him in an avengers movie again, I keep making up theories about how he could come back to life, but he won’t ??
What about Imperium?
It's coming out too!
Sad that all of the originals are almost gone. No more Iron Man, No more Black Widow, No more Captain America.
What about: Thor Love and Thunder?
Dr.Strange 2
Shuma Gorath enters the chat
7. Asgardians of the galaxy year: 2020
can you tell me where MCU release its movies
me: sees black widow 2020 and iron man in the trailer
me: hold up
1:08 I would love black widow to be done that to me
I was hoping for a new Ironman movie but....
I guess he is not coming back ???
Curiously waiting for doctor strange 2, he is my fav one
The enemy Avengers 6 from captain marvel right?
Most comments: We will all miss Captain America and iron man
Black widow: Am I a joke to you?
When I saw Tony Stark in Black Widow
IM GONNA SURELY BUY TICKETS
I'm really waiting for dr. Starnge 2.
In Guardians of the Galaxy that was not the Eternals. That was the Celestials.
Bro watch this 
Spoiler alert 
Man you thrashed it all with the thumbnail.
You should've made it 7 movies after Endgame.  Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 starring Thor as their newest member, is coming out in 2021!
I can't wait to cap say '' avengers assemble''!!!!!!
Scarlet witch is in the next Doctor strange 2 movie.
What about ASGUARDIAN OF GALAXIES ???
thanks for so many likes
I’m most excited about the eternals so far from MCU.
4:55 hey is this vision
I'm hyped for Black Widow and Doctor Strange 2
The Asian guy who plays Storm Shadow in GI Joe would be a perfect fit for Shang-Chi
I have edited the comment so now you don't know why I got so many likes
Stoooked for Black Widow and of course BLACK PANTHER 2!!!
Imagine if bruce lee is still here
This is spot on after Kevein Figy announced this at san deigo comic con
I know excatly how these movies going look like lol
Guardians 3 is confirmed with James Gunn returning . Should’ve added that
What will u say DC n MARVEL ..hero group or what??
FFH was on the first in Australia that was fun
It's called Doctor strange in the multiverse of madness
I Love It????????
1. Spider Man: Far from home
2. Black Widow
3. The Eternals
4. Black Panther 2
Spider-man: Far From Home date of release was changed to July 2.
Aw I wanted there to be another captain marvel 
Imagine the spiderman trailer plate before endgame
Half the original avengers retired??
Marvel is not gonna be same without  Ironman-Cap-Thor ?
You missed guardian of the Galaxy volume : 3
Shang chi looks like little boy from Tony's funeral
There’s gonna be another Thor Movie
3:15 is meme worthy
Spider Man: Far From Home
Black Widow
The Eternals 
Black Panther 2
Just bring back Tony Stark already! Send him to Tahiti if needed!
I thought endgame was the end literally
Miss The Avengers </3
I'll be watching all them thank you very much.
Infinity saga started by saying "I am iron man"?
Infinity saga ended by saying "I am iron man"?
Scarlet wich vs Dark phoenix
I feel like the eternals is gonna ruin the mcu
Wow wait
Iron man is back 
He’s alive now!:D
I need Avengers vs X-Men
Captain America:
Thor: I KNEW IT..... No no give me that take the small one
RIP TONY STARK
Love you 3000
The thumbnail reminds me of Geras from MK11.
I want another Thor movies 
Here comes the next generation of the avengers. But we will still remember the Original Generation. We love you all 3000
Spider-Man Far From Home
Black Widow
The Eternals
Black Panther 2
-1:11 is anyone gonna talk about how he looks like tony stark? that dude!!!
U like a time traveler dude?
Dude you forgot iron man 4
They better edit in a cameo from Stan Lee in each one, or I will not (not) watch it-
Pretty sure marvels not gonna be as good after endgame sadly
There’s already I doctor strange 2
Black Widow Dies
Next MCU Film: Black Widow
Done with Marvel, they are all over the dog gone place
Guardian of the Galaxy vol 3 u miss it
Wanda - "You took everything from me" 
Thanos - "who tf are you"
natasha died :""""((
It just never ends huh ??
I think you forgot something    Marvel's "What if"
Spider Man far from home is showing on July 3 2019
Most excited for Doctor Strange 2. I feel like he is the most underrated character in the Avengers especially in Endgame.
1:11 wait, what irom man. Where the logic go
I want to see BLADE movie with Wesley Snipes and R-RATED
They are making like 5 more avatar movies
We need a movie for Wong!
You forgot about (as)guardians of the galaxy vol 3
You need to do more research before you put a video out Guardian of the Galaxy 3 not included Black Widow that can't happen
Mans missed a whole GOTG 3 coming out literally next year
Avengers Endgame: Aftermath/Afterlife
I will end wih the mcu after endgame
Scarlet witch:You took everything from me
Thanos:I don't even know who you are
Me be like : hahah lol
Already calling it, symbiote supreme, agent vemon, venompool, and venom the duck in docter strange: multiverse madness
Um.. There's one more... Thor:Love and Thunder...
Spider man: far  from home is released on 2 July 2019 not 5 July
I saw it in the trailer
I'd hope that the infinity stones continue as a primary weapon against the rest of the Avengers such as having the Eternals obtain all 6 and use them with weapons that contain there power in a form of storage. Soul stone is another question since I'm not sure if it can be returned after a sacrifice ...
To save ya 4 minutes,
1. Spider-Man: Far From Home
2. Black Widow
3. The Eternals
It is currently October 27th 2019 (as i am watching this) 
And i have not seen any of these movie ads or trailers
I'm gonna be waiting for doctor strange 2
there will be a guardians 3 with Thor in it. they've talked about it already. also disney revealed there will be 8 move movies by 2027
Where I live it already came out in the 2nd of July 2019
? Captain America 
? Iron Man
We all miss you tony stark
you miss 2 films in this and more on later date but its Thor: Love and Thunder (Nov. 5, 2021) and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3. And there are more but to soon to talk about. For the rest sounds accurate. You have done your home work.
son of tony stark gonna be the new iron man
Man I hope they’ll introduce Galactus for upcoming movies
I love Tony Stark
I think there should be another Cap movie involving how he returned the stones.  That should be a great plot. He had Thor's hammer and he was able to get another shield in the past.
0:26 Spider Man far from home 
1:03 Black Widow
1:55 The Eternals
2:42 Black Panther 2
What do you like
Marvel-like?
Dc-Comment.
The seen of shin-chi is from the game marvel future fight
1:11 is that Mr.Stark (alive) with his wife!?
I think there will be a “Iron Woman “ movie...
Just imagine Iko Uwais or Daniel Wu playing shang-chi
Are you having time stone that you now these all
Endgame took a big chunk of my heart away, i might not be so devoted into the 4th batch of the MCU movies, I'm still sad. It feels like an amazing era has ended, and I'm not ready to start a new one yet.
They wait for her to die before they make a movie about her, so nice.
I really hope Sebastian Stan's gonna be in the Black Widow movie too....
martial arts of course-
2020 is gonna be a good year with all the movies and games releasing
Black panther 2 coming out May 6 2022
After watching endgame, i felt like marvel is now just a fancy car without an engine
What's t he beat called I want it now
Imagine Galactus and thanos fighting
Yessss Dr Strange 2??
How about the guardians of the galaxy vol. 3
Captain America and Thor switch axe and hammer
Thor: No give me that one you take the little one
It was acually the 4th july far from home released
Is it just me or is all the scenes for Dr Strange is scenes from infinity war
I'm so excited!!!!
Hawk eye, hehe
You are forgetting one thing.  Guardians of The Galaxy Volume 3
Aqauman 2?! anybody!????
GOTG VOL.3 THO!?
Wheres my gotg
Why can Dr Strange just bring Ironman back. ?
Hawkeye should be in the black widow movie, he deserves the spotlight
What about the Falcon and Winter Soldier sequel
marvel finally introduce an asian heroes
How. Is black widow f
Getting aa movie she's dead
i want LOKI movie pls c':
That moment when you realise that 2020 is next year.
Will never be the same without Stan Lee
Waiting for the iron Man
corg from ragnarok needs his own movie
wow thank you for the informations
1 - Spiderman: Far From Home
2 - Black Widow
3 - The Eternals
4 - Black Panther 2
Hawkeye - 2021
Guardians of the galaxy 3 - 2022
I need more Quicksilver
Who wants tony back.....
I dont know how but we want back iron man......,
I love this firm do you
Ok so how many of you got this video as recommended 
 
Only me?
This gave me orgasmic chills
Kis kis ne spider man far from home dekh li like karo ????
I can't wait for Black Widow to come out
:iron man I’m gonna die
:Goku get this man a senzu bean
Marvel we love you 3000 Times But But
I want my THOR ? backkkk cmon
We don't know much about doctor strange so yup I'm waiting for it
My time fully waste thank you
Why y’all telling us about the future, just stop it already, Periodt!
Video:Is that all of the trailers...I think so.
Everybody's surely gonna miss Stan Lee cameos ??
far from home was july 2nd
before infinity war was released, robert downey jr. announced that after the thanos dilemma, there will be an iron man 4. i was really hoping to see it on here even though in endgame it didn’t really turn out how we expected. ):
I miss iron man now!!!
Beramallah terus untuk muslimin+!!!
I loved the scene when Thor was yelling at noobmaster69 on fortnite with korg.
On my other channel...I called a doctor soul movie
NOVEMBER 6 IS MY BIRTHDAY
I am in 2019 these never happened or talk about my t
1:12 how is Tony alive?
1. Spider Man: Far from home
2. Black Widow
3. The Eternals
4. Black Panther 2
I have seen many Marvel movies and I am looking forward to future movies.
Love 3000 , all 23 marvel movies add up to 3000 minutes.
Gotg3?!??
A-day in 2019
Who u thought was gonna save the world 
CAPTAIN MARVEL
Waiting for black widow 
Wish to be amazing movie
why my head stock with venom?...
Wth I have to wait till 2021 to see dr.strange the first movie came out when I was in 8th grade by the time the 2nd one comes I’ll be graduating
What about guardians 3
2021 Spiderman:almost home
2023 spiderman:only 2 blocks left
2025 Spiderman:opening the door
2026 spiderman:inside home
What bout GoTG Vol. 3
guys: anyone knows what's the song that plays at the very end of the video? it's awesome
Thor love and thunder is coming out
i hope shanh chi would be played by Donnie Yen
Save you some time:
1. Spiderman: far from home
2. Black widow
3. The eternals
I got a D.C. Universe ad on this
I want iron man extra parts
No films with Robert Downy JR
but WHY???
Im excited 4 Doctor Strange 2
“What’s the matter with you kids?  You never seen a spaceship before?” ?? 
R.I.P. Stan Lee
If u have seen spiderman far from home
Warning: spoiler 
Wating for Dr. S 2
Lots of spoilsWho watched far from home already like if you did
Marvel needs to start work on others like the inhumans, Fantastic Four, The Defenders, X-Men, Ghost rider, Blade
Doctor strange 2 is all I care about
A string of Marvel movies set back in time from the 50s to the 90s would be awesome as a homage to the comics that started this universe
You forgot guardians of the galaxy 3
I cant wait Eternals
No one can replace the first ones
Spoiler:
Love marvel comics 3,000
Are they forgetting about guardians of the galaxy v3
What about guardians of the galaxy 3?
Moon knight coming on disney+
She-hulk coming on disney+
Ms. Marvel coming on disney+
Without iron man MCU will be kind'a empty???
More like marvels next 2 movies ?
Black widow age of me ?
The most mind blowing is Strange
Who agrees with me We want "Thanos Rising" movie above all other movies hit like if you are fan of Thanos
Next famous Iron Man quote after "I am Iron Man is "I love you 3000"
Rest in Peace, beloved Avenger.
They forgot guardians of the galaxy vol 3
Adblocker plus works great!
Ironman the legend
Black widow died in endgame?
From hating captain America to loving him, boy I’m gonna miss him.
I already watched spider man
You forgot guardians of the galaxy 3
i gotta study the eternals before the movie comes out
i gotta study the eternals before the movie comes out
why does 2020 sound so far away while it's already 2019
Next time you know... Thor is gone?
What about venom2 ?
Tghe ?ixth one Will be avengers game over
2:10 wait what??
It all started with Iron Man and it also ends with Iron Man
Is Shang chi even marvel??
I got one question why doctor strange didnt save iron man
Ohhhhh is that right
I'm a great actor but doing YouTube videos. Hope to be a cast in future marvel movies
People need to realize black widow will most likely be a prequel
I hope it will be Man-Ape that is fighting against Black Panther in th sequel tbh.
Oh is Captain Falcon one?
Avenger of Thrones, maybe?
Don’t care for Black Widow movie!
When you realize there will no be black widow movie destruction 3000
This Movie wouldn't exist without TONY STARK
CELESTIALS BOY???
you forgot guardians of the galaxy 3....
We wants Tony's wife to take the place of Iron man.
Why they pushed the Black Panther 2 Movie so far back is beyond me Smfh!
Won’t be the same without Iorn Man and Captain America ???
what about guardians of the galaxy vol. 3?
1:12 that’s iron man and potts
the name of music pliase
I hope the back widow gets an R rating
Black widow: Gasp! My own movie?
Marvel Studios: well yes, but actually no.
why tf is there some kind of terraria boss music playing in the background
Who..  Who  r u??
Without Cap And Iron Man ?
I am curious where Loki went to with the space stone.
Edit - You guys are pinging me boi.
Also Thor :Love and Thunder is coming out pretty soon XD just wanted to point that out !!!
Now that Cap and Tony gone maybe they should introduce Civil Warrior or the next Avengers
Me: hears 'first release led by an Asian character'
...
This guy used time stone and came to know about the movies
Will be feeling Emptiness after Avengers Endgame.
Come back Iron Man.
 Come back Tony Stark.
   Come back Robert Downey Jr.
I wait for the next Guardians of the Galaxy
Marvel has the best theme music
I forget avengers 5 here a kid become iron man it will release on 2020  bro
Actually I have a feeling that the last one is namor
My favorite scene in Endgame in a nutshell:
Cap: Give me the scepter.
SHIELD (hydra): No
Cap: Yes
05:52:00 AM
I want Omega Red !
Couldn't they use the time stone to go back in time and stop some deaths? Also The one who was protecting the soul stone could've died instead of Black widow and for Iron man, Nebula could've snapped instead for she is mostly a robot and they can repair her.
Sorry if I spelled words wrong.
02:57:00 AM
Doctor strange 2 
I m sleeping.. Wake me up at 2021!!
This a cypress hill beat?
Oh good, we're not getting another Deadpool.
If they're going to do Shang-Chi, I hope they also have Mordillo and Brynocki.
Give back doctor strange time stone
The entities introduced in guardians are not eternals. They are celestials. The eternals were created by the celestials.
????????????????????????????????????
I believe all these movies could release this year and next year
He forgot about venom 2
Every year i will watch this
You missed one film guardians of the galaxy vol 3
i want another GHOST RIDER, DARE DEVIL, FANTASTIC 4 and MORE XMEN Movies
Soooooo nothing good for 6 years then?
What about Guarduans 3?
I know 12 more
1- Spider-Man Far From Home
2- Black Widow
3- The Eternals 
4- Black Panther 2
04:14:00 AM
Why did I see Tony Stark in Black widow?
Can't wait for the next movie of Doctor Strange.
Wot about Thor? Any upcoming movies ?
Who just came back after watching the endgame?
Ironically a DC commercial before the video played...
OoF
Oops
I personally want a movie with pepper and Morgan, and they could continue the Thing tony started, well i would watch it
Shes already dead in endgame
They could do a black widow film with Hawkeye hunting her down as they mentioned in the avengers briefly. That'd be amazing.
without captain and iron man marvel is half of all
Whos here after far from home
Why did they wait until after endgame to make the black widow movie?
And Doctor Strange vs Blackheart
Okay. If you haven't watched Endgame and feel the edge to go through the comments. 
DON'T!!!! SPOILERS ALERT!
it took 5 years for doctor strange 2??? come on
I want avengers with tony cap  its good
forgot guardians of galaxy 3 and x men dark phoenix
AI MISS TONY STARK
I actually forgot Marvel had a lot of other great movies since my hype is making me focused on End Game
What about civil war 2 lol
love you 3000 Mr.Stark
at iron man 4 he returns
I want a dark avengers movie
0:23 Spider-man: far from home
1:00 Black widow
1:52 The eternals
2:39 Black panther 2
Whats that background music ?
No ironman? Is there anyway ironman can come back
no hawkeye?
We want New avengers with Dr. Manhattan!!
what ever you release it will never replace rdj as iron man?
It's actually x men dark Phoenix then Spider-Man far from home
Oh I get the six movies.
six infinity stones
They forgot gaurdians of the galaxy 3
The mcu isn’t the same without thor captain America and iron man
Doctor Strange is greater than any of the newer Characters change my mind
Isn't there a movie on Scarlett Witch?
i thought black widow was dead after endgame
Where is iron man 4 ?
i am done with the MCU, it's been a great ride but Endgame was their magnum opus, they've been a fantastic escape from life but I'm ready to move on. MAKE MINE MARVEL!
Justice for Wanda Maximoff, she needs a movie where she uses her powers a lotttt
Who knows the soundtrack
not before endgame?
Hopefully thanos is in the eternals
Hey,  what about Falcon and The Winter Soldier,  HUH?
It's about time we have Scarlett Johansson's back story as Black Widow. The only thing Marvel should regret is that there won't be a Stan Lee cameo in it. ?
1 - Timmy Turner , Far from Home
2 - Daizy Duck
3 - LoudTernals
4 -  Black / Danny Phantom 2 
:)
guardians of the galaxy vol. 3 they're filming it right now
Iron man 4 ??
Is not the same thing without Tony Stark...
Love you 3000
Sadly the new Black Widow movie is a prequal :C RIP Nat .
I'll right  the script for doctor strange 2, Lol.
Asguardians of the galaxy??
Why the heck "Fury" still don't have a movie itself! Grrr!!!!
Thanos: “I am inevitable”
Rat: “Am I a joke to you?”
and the DC universe is bussy for the joker
Is there any action
Nice editing but probably non of these will happen accept spider man
Well they remove both the lead heroes so whatever
I'm gonna miss robert downey jr. A lot after the endgame
Iron Man returns??
TERMINATOR 6 GUYS !!!!!!! @t
I CANT WAIT FOR BLACK WIDOW!! OH MAAA GAAAAAAWWWDDD!!
Thor 4 love and thunder in 2020
Its hard to think of MCU without tony stark.
? RIP tony.
Black widow: back to the kitchen
Missing Tony now.......
Wait nova
those arent eternals they are celestials
U ah in wahkahdah. Now?
You missed the movie: Dark Phoenix
Venom?
Captain marvel 2 and gotg vol.3 and Spider-Man 3
Yes!!! Doctor Strange,  highly underrated! I loved the first one!
1 ? 5 TO GO
Is this true?
So not so many new things, a lot of old stuff
WAKANDA FOREVER ?????
I m waiting for Asgardians of galaxy.???
We want iron man
Anyone in July 2019?
We got Kit Harington and Richard Madden in Eternals.
The pack survives
What's the opposite of like and subscribe?
1. Spiderman far from home 
2. Blackwidow
3. The Eternals (nov,6 2020)
4. Black panther 2 (feb,12 2021)
What if there were 2 movies in the threatened after endgame .....
1. Iron Man 4
quite happy for black widow and spider man: far from home.
ughghfg i know its impossible but i really wish there would be more Asian representation in the MCU like from Southeast asia/korea/japan/china/hongkong/india etc. it would be really cool to see other superhuman beings originate from elsewhere other than america. ??
Sow beautiful movie
Avengers won’t be the same without tony stark:(( Aka iron man.... Iron man pulled off the last miracle.
How black widow is dead ?
Speculation???
Who wants to ant man to go back in time and bring Tony Stark back?
we are waiting
I am very much waiting "Dr. strange 2" movie after endgame. Who else like me...?
After Infinity War I'm finally sick of Marvel.
And those Origin movies of characters we've known our entire lives are useless filler.
Any sports fans see Deontay Wilder in the thumbnail? Ik it's not him but it looked like him
They dont even know if they would be alive in 2020,2021.. they don't even know if they will be alive tommorow smh..
They forgot iron man 3000
AVENGERS is nothing without IRON MAN
Thor where is
GREAT SONY AND DISNEY
What about Captain marvel ???
Bangunlah indonesia!!!
Comment:
-50%: black widow 2020 ahahaha
-50%: tony we love you 3000
Avengers: New Game.
I’m hoping they are good and I wonder will we see thanos come back as a hero like he did in the comics
Music is really good.
If nobody watched endgame everyone in the world spoiled it for u ?
I heard doctor strange 2 and black widow are coming in 2020
aha and whats with guardians of the galaxy 3 or thor 4? gosh complete dislike this trash vid
The beginning was doctor Strange 2 where his old friend becomes a bad guy and takes something from a character from the first Doctor strange
What about Captain Marvel 2 tho
SpiderMan Far Away From Home comes out on July 2nd
edit: spoiler alert for endgame 
This is very outdated...
Spider-Man post credit scene completely changes everything now will probably see a skrull invasion and Captain Marvel 2 or S.W.O.R.D come to fruition
these doctor strange 2 trailers look like avengers infinity war trailers
I'd like what's movie
Uhm, you made a mistake.
What the Collector showed was a Celestial, not an Eternal.
What about thor love & thunder
Eternals cant take place of avengers
*5 now
Captain America is the GOAT please @ me
They gotta bring back iron man somehow... I can't accept his death
the thing is most of these characters are dead like iron man gomora and star lord
WAKANDA FOREVER 2?!?!
Meeeeh :/
Soul Stone: *sees Black Widow movie* Really?
30th april
My favourite superhero iron man and yours like? if u agree
1:08 did you see tony stark or even notice him?
Thor love and thunder
Thanos - I am inevitable
Tony - I am Iron Man
Groot - I AM GROOT!
Mr. Tiddles or we riot.
Shang-chi?
Never heard of him.
why cant marvel rewrite time stone physics and bring back the 2 most iconic heroes in the entire MCU?
Who are the heros on the enternals
Now Marvel introduce the new heroes but still our iron man is best
Wait was that tony at1:12
spider man far from home release is same on my birthday
But did he like really die .or same one from the past died fon stark
It is not the externals but I think u got it close with de captain marvel but I may be wrong idk
Marvel: Black Widow Movie coming 2020
Gamora: That’s Unfair!!
Wow
Like Marvel changed alot after avengers age of ultron
MCU Top...
1:11 iron man is dead
Honestly been waiting forever for a black widow movie
4:25, please tell me its Chou in Mobile Legends
Your forgetting Dark Phoenix
Marvel saga is end we are in the new avangers
What is with Venom??
Stark: Finally we beat Thanos
Cap: Its because we worked as a team
Thor: I coulda beat him up anyways I am a god!
Babylonian magic ?
So no avenger after thanos death?
Black widow died right?
You’re taking scenes the previous marvel movies ???
Once endgame releases marvel will announce phase 4 schedule then we’ll know
What about Guardians of the Galaxy 3? What about an Adam Warlock movie or even a Howard the Duck movie? Not to mention Marvel finally doing a good version of Fantastic Four and X-MEN
Lie's
Who's hiped?
What but black widow died same thing with stark in end game
Maybe in Doctor Strange 2, Strange would talk to tony stark at spirit form tho
Didn’t Loki escape? I’m thinking another Thor movie
ARE U SURE
Wait I Want a Vision Movie...
Without Iron man avengers are empty.
I'm scared that Marvel after the endgame will be as Apple after Steve Jobs??
They are five
Captain marvel, looking forward to its sequel. She’s just awesome, at least for me.
Not interested anymore
@t Marvel Strike Force by Foxnext adds new characters to their game generally revolving around movie releases and just added a splash screen in that link of America Chavez aka Miss America from Young Avengers
Too bad stan lee didn't live a longer life to witness this.
Where is Thor's movie
Movie rockstar: black widow 2020
Me: what i though black widow already 
       Died at endgame
Lie's
Morbious 2020
With Disney officially owning Fox, the integration of the X-Men and Fantastic Four may make these movies shift around!
There is anoher movie you miss
I mainly want the fantastic four and silver surfer in the mcu
I am Iron Man ?
Can anyone tell me which bgm is used??
I'm scared that Marvel after the endgame will be as Apple after Steve Jobs??
Black panther gonna be the best one
Gaurdians of the Galaxy vol 3??
Who's here after Spiderman far from home ??
If Jesus rose from the dead... Iron man can do the same...
R.I.P Tony . The avengers will be different without you. Love you 3000
Asgard of the Galaxy thor movie marvel Tony sark iron man 4  idian laek olthabest
If Bruce lee was alive he would be casted as Shang-chi lol.
Can we get a storm movie ...
Doesn't Black Widow die in Endgame?
I have a feeling that in black widow or a post credit scene of black widow there will be a hint of colossus since he is Russian . Just a thought
U forgot Thor love and thunder
Don’t forget about Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 in 2020.
The truth is
Awesome edj mvd
It’s not the same without cap and iron man
Cap Is back
The eternal showed up in Thor dark world these channels get big and get lazy with their facts and info 
Very sad
Am I high or did they miss almost all of the movies?
I feel like I’m the only one who kinda wants a next doctor strange 2
Marvel without IMCABW will never be the same ?
are all these actually happening?
Then... What's about NOVA ?!!!!
I’m watching this in 2020 so hello past people
Habang tumatagal ang panahon lalong gumaganda mga movie sabay naman pag tanda natin???
I have literally never heard of Shang-Chi in my life before this video.
we dont want schang che
1:12 waaaaaaaait a minute why is tony there?????
there is steve rogers and black widow
Is that real
The Black Widow movie has been confirmed to be a prequel set in the early 2000's and i think that they forgot about Guardians of the galaxy vol 3 set to come out in 2022 (I got all of this from IMdB)
Here are Marvel's Next Six Movies After Endgame:
1.Spider-Man:Far From Home
Release:July 5 2019
2.Black Widow
I like jeans grey
She will be back
I love u iron man
Black widow solo film will be poo wtf
No one can replace Tony Stark [Robert Downey Jr.]
Iron Man
Love u
What about thor .........,?
Bangunlah muslimin muslimin!!!
Rip black widow
I want far from home spider man
Bruce Lee comes back to life for Shang Chi
Spider man far from home is actually coming in 28 June For Me sooooo if you want it early come to malaysia ???
Black widow was dead in endgame for the soul stone
Shut up we know what Spider-Man is
No... No no no... Better to watch the same movies for my whole life...
Things will never be d same without Tony 
Love u Tony 3000 
Edit: I miss cap already
I got a dc ad
OMG I  CAN'T WAIT FOR DOCTOR STRANGE 2 i'm 9 now so like i'll be 11 at that time BUT ITS SO WORTH IT
1:11 TONY??!!!!
I miss tony stark and captain America
Stan Lee's cameos will always be remembered from film to film
guys they will use dragon ball to bring tony stark and black widow then they will invite master pogi on marvel hahaha
Really it took  10 years just to make a female marvel solo
Rock
What is asgardians of the galexy
uses magic
"I see at long last whats wrong with this world, too many sorcerers."
uses more magic
What ever it is,I'm not interested anymore without Iron man and black widow...caps getting old as well..no reason for me to interested in marvel no more..who else agree me give a like
Spillers for end game 
Where is loki ????
#2 Black Widow 
Yeah about that...
They should speed up the production of Dr. Strange and Blackpanther !!
Im excited to see falcon with captain americas shield
you were close but failed
Hello, Movierockstar. Please what do you use to edit your videos?
I know about Spider Man far from home
Where is guardian of the galaxy 3 & captain nova, Adam warlock
Bro I like it
2021 is nice so many coming and exciting movies
I wonder how will be ironman in the The Eternals
No cpt marvel sequels on how she go back to supreme intelligence and the rest of the universal war ?
Waiting only for Doctor Strange 2. One of my favourite marvel superhero
Iron man..... Avengers
Guys im happy to say that Spider-Man will be coming back for a 3rd parth. In 2021 but what do you think what the title will be ??
blehhhh. Should be doing New Mutants or X-Factor
Mantis ain’t Asian ? Lol
Avengers is never gonna fill without cap,tony and widow
We all know one it’s spider man far from home
Black widow don't have a movie . You just put in clips from iron Man and age of Ultron
Well spiderman far from home is the begging of phase 4
what about adam warlock
7. Fantastic Four 
8. X-Men 
Iron man vs robo cop would be a great box office
tony stark is alive on black widow ?????????
If i could make a new marvel movie it would me Iron man returns(iron man 4)
how about namor
Endgame spoilers
1:03 ??_??
Bring wolverine back ASAP
sang-Chi .. no one wants it but no one wanted captain marvel either so there you go
Wakanda forever
Also a third Spiderman movie tha might come in 2021.
Yeah
Spider far from home is on my birthday lol
Black widow coming out May 1 2020
i thought black widow died
How do you leave out Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3?!?
Who else wonders why people are still talking about tony?
Black widow dies in endgame
I have more movies that are coming:
Captain marvel 2
Guardians of the galaxy vol 3
Young Avengers
Hahahahahahahaha
May the god give peace to stan Lee's soul ???
guardians of the galaxy vol 3?
I want a Nova movie
I think they will help Tony come to alive beacuse of time machine
lies we are getting guardians of the galaxy volume 3
Avengers.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will miss them after the End Game.  The team must come back.
What about 'Asgaurdians Of The Galaxy' ??????
The  black widow died in endgame I think
I really don't care anymore with some minor acception to Morbius.
Y this sounds like bollywood
Doctor strange 2 is a lie because OFTHE CLIPS ITS FROM THE FIRST MOVIE DUH!
How about the avengers 5?
If you're dying to see Black Widow drop a like
dr
 C??
Some people MOVE ON without thor cap and ironman after endgame but NOT US
The heck is Shang hai
I say Strange is part of the top 3 marvel heros. U just can't f**k with time.
Wandavision?
Cool
1. Spiderman: Far From Home
2. Black Widow
good man
Spoiler warning* do you remember when iron man died in endgame right? But in 1:11 but he was he was alive
HoW
Still needs the x-men and fantastic 4 in mcu
You should make Wanda Maximoff's movie
No cap, no iron man....it all feels downward and empty
It's gonna be fun.the galactus has arrived
Is there no movie on Hawkeye ?????
Black widow dies in endgame tho
Black Widow and Iron Man are dead
Did people just forget that Marvel introduced Adam Warlock at the end of the GOTG2?
We can consider the return of iron man. There are 3 candidates to fill Tony's space:-
Spider Man.
Lonely kid in iron man 3.
Morgan.
What  about  venom  2  dude?
Black widow is already dead though
i think they should start with all avengers sons or daughters
The MCU will be really different without tony stark a.k.a Robert Downey JR 
P.S im crying rn
There maybe going to make another Spider-Man movie
Nice spoiling
?? ???? 
Shang children more like bruises lee
I'm excited about the Eternals but I hope it doesn't end up like The inhumans ????
Not only that but theres a new thor:love and thunder and a new  marvel avengers 5 were galactic is there new villain.cmon galacticus eats planets to survive wich is more powerefull than  thanos
Lmao no one is going to watch the black widow movie
But black widow died?
I want a movie for black widow
After watching Endgame,  future looked bleak for me. Feeling a bit better now..
But life is not the same after Endgame!
Marvel did it deliberately. Especially with Stan's gone. ended it with a charm.. with all big drama like soul Stone, 3000 loves, Steve's past.. they wanted us to miss the characters even after they're gone, to keep the nostalgia alive..
Wut about Blade man we’re is Blade!!
We need another black panther
Shang-chi is dumb lol 
Shang-chi and avengers is like Chocolate and soup
I want to see Scarlett Witch in theaters
I think Shang-chi would be better as a show imo
Who tf is Shang chi
01:11 Iron Man?
I hope that Dr Strange is going to bring back our fallen heroes that sacrificed their lives to make a better future from the Multiverse. If you don't know what im talking about than i suggest you dont read this because this knowledge you are about to gather contains spoilers of comic con and future plans of Marvel...
I heard Kraven the hunter will be the villain in Black Panther 2
I have to say dr strange casting is and best right behind tony stark...great picks for those parts..
Can’t wait
Black Widow... yeah okay. Have you watched Endgame
Is it real
They couldn't find a more interesting female character than BW to make a movie about?  Dummm
Im hoping doctor strange 2 will hint at doctor doom
At least there isnt another "Captain" Marvel movie.  And finally a Black Widow movie, 10 years later than it should have been.
Marvel is collecting new heroes by launching new mcu movies maybe for avengers next series. ??
dr strange  >> i love this movie
Who should sacrifice himself for Soul Stone?
Hawkeye-Com
Black Widow-Like
I’m not sure how good Chang see or the enternals would be
Guardians 3 is coming out in 2022
And when they will defaet Galactus ?
1:11 if Tony is dead then why is he alive
Dear Tony Stark,
We love you 3000.
Bbbaban 
Happy
Far From Home, Black Panther 2 and Doctor Strange 2 are honestly the ones worth watching, and maybe Black widow.
Gardian of galaxy the thor left with  star lord....
FFH came out on July 2nd not 5th
Life took so much from me first it took Stan Lee and then Tony stark , black widow ??
Bruh they should make a scarlet witch movie even wanda doesnt want
Not ready for new superheros I just want Tony Stark back
Spoiler: black widow died at endgame
????
New heroes, but old heroes will never meet them, very very sad. They prob will tell stories about them
Tbh not really hyped to see any but guardians of the galaxy (Vol. 3) it's really sad that the next movies won't focus on the superheros who made marvel as it is today
with 3000 likes. they will revive Tony.
im pretty sure in black widow i saw iron man
Captain America?????????
The Next Movie Should Be
The Return Of Iron Man.
I personally didn't care for Dr. Strange I hope the second one is better??
I personally didn't like Spider-Man: Far From Home....
WAIT WAIT WAIT BUT BLACK WIDOW DIED IN ENDGAME!!!!!!!!
Dark Phoenix??
Guardian of the galaxy vol.3?
AC COZ KK
spider-man came out today (July 2nd) not July 5th
Heal muslimin!!!
Feb 12th is close to my bday
Where's Scarlet Witch movie????
I hope Avengers 5 will happen
3000
Lol
I wish DC was making as much movies as Marvel they have so much potential and they have such badass heroes :/
If we don't see any more of Iron Man I'mma cry
Nobody cares 'bout the darn asian ninja. We want Tony Stark back!
Spider-Man FFH is in theaters July 2nd
Black widow was dead
IMMWAOO Not knowing the difference between the Eternals (Offshoot of Humanity) & The Celestials (The ones who caused the off shoot) is pretty sad.
3:16 Black Panther: AS YOU CAN SEE, I AM NOT DEAD
Chadwick Boseman in 2019: I'm dead...I'm dead
But how can black widow come out when she is
The Collector is an Elder not an Eternal
Shang chi is instead of bruce lee
2021
.
.
.
Marvel movie without Iron Man??
Anyone watching after endgame released 
I don’t think there’s a black widow movie
I think i will never get a Scarlett Witch Movie ?
Anyone goin to see Spiderman today...??
OH BOY I HOPE I DON'T CRY DURING FFH AND THE BLACK WIDOW MOVIE
WE NEED A DEEPER STORY FROM HAWKEYE, HEIMDALL, AND AUNT MAY lol
Doctor strange 2 is out 2020
There is really nothing else interested in MCU after endgame "end", most of the shown after spiderman is just spinoff of marvel series..
The only real one was Spider-Man ? ?
Who’s the black guy In the intro
I think the Black Widow movie will also explain how Natasha and Barton met
Black Widow? How!?!?!?!
Wakanda forever
Rip black window she died in endgame
we want tony stark back
please like hare
Marvel: movies coming in 2021
Me: but I can't wait that long
So it took black widow dying for her to get a movie that pretty dark mcu    Spoilers alert
Fookin spooderman succs
Black panther 2 really and doctor strange 2 as well brother you got to be kidding
They should make a new movie about recruiting new avengers and the fantastic four appear again but chris evans plays human torch and the thing meets up with captin America (falcon)
It's getting more and more exciting
How did black widow became alive ?
venom 2
In black widow How Tf did Iron man come back
Asian join the chat
We all seen doctor strange 2 coming our way tho
Top 3 movies I am most excited for:
1: Spiderman far from home
2: Black panther 2
3: Doctor strange 2
Sang chi is probably brad
We will miss iron man..please director..please let tony live again..make up  story that will cause the 'live again' of tony stark..maybe they can put soul stone in his mouth & tony live again..please???
Dr strange was useless in Endgame. except for the portal he opened.
After seeing Endgame, I need a scarlet witch stand-alone!!!
hello
Black widow dead in endgame right?
Black widow died in endgame
Doctor Strange 2 and Shang Chi are the best for me (Shang Chi-because I'm a fan of Bruce Lee)
So when is Hawk-Eye coming out ?
Who else think that Jackie can should be the actor in shang chi
Still milking Kirby for all they can - perhaps people will now realise how little Stan actually contributed.
u forgot hawkeye
is this true
I will wait for dr. Strange
Ahhhh. And again nothing from Ironman....
I will miss him so much....
Dr strange
Since Aquaman was made Marvel Studios should do SUB MARINER Aka PRINCE NAMOR.
Black widow is dead and iron man r.i.p
Umm x men dark pheonix is next in the line of marvel
I can't wait till 2021 for Dr Strange
I'm gonna go to cinema to watch spiderman far from home i am cambodia
I shouldn't be saying spoilers but I can't help myself
Black widow movie is a lie. Because when pepper pots was like oh my god you can see tony stark
They will make spiderman 3
i MiSs tOnY sTaRk 
Are we all forgetting about CAPTAIN AMERICA???
lie
i just want to see marvel secret war, believs me avenger endgame waa nothing compared to secret war
I was hoping Hawkeye would get a movie
How can I watch any marvel movie after Chris Evans not being Cap and Iron Man dead?! ?
Where is Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.3 in this list? ?
Where is Men in black :international movie
Black widow may 2020
the new black panther click hete to see it
Hel
Ah I can't wait to see scarlet Johansson as Shang-Chi
Cant wait for black widow solo movie
Can solo movie of Scarlett can come
Meh
You CANNOT bring iron man back now after all weve been through. He could have a cameo for when Dr Strange visits the soul dimension at some point but bringing him back so close to endgame would ruin the MCU
I’m gonna miss Robert Downey Jr after endgame. He’ll always be considered iron man/Tony Stark
I think I saw Tony
No ironman no marvel
Just stop marvel.  Its getting old
X men dark phoneix is missing
im so excited for dr strange 2 
??
Do you mean 5 movie
There’s no black widow she died in end game
Hollywood desperately needs the MCU if it doesn't want to go out of business. Their other movies are generally box-office failures.
Oof
about time black widow got her own movie.
IRON MAN IS BACK maybe
Please please can there be a Scarlet Witch movie!!!
But black widow has died
ENDGAME SPOILER ALERT
Tom Holland : Where is falcon?
i feel sadness now does this mean theres not gonna be another guardians of the galaxy movie cuz it deserves to have at least 3 more movies
Robocop 5
i thought there will be a scarlet witch movie
Dsby
The mcu will now change because theres lot of characters who died After the Endgame. Captain America Iron Man and Black Widow will always be in our heart ? ???????
People claim they love God & want to go to heaven but having sex outside of marriage & people claim they love God but lifestyle heart mind mouth lyrics job and soul says satan and hell but I'm not talking about America god which is satan literally just study the symbols and signs on the back of your dollar bill starting with the all seeing eye pyrimad of lucifer literally those are not decorations and check out : Dana Stevens : white church must wake up your enslaving god chosen, on YouTube this is a white man telling truth ?
Black Widow movie is just money milk and satisfy the feminazis kind a deal.
Incorrect. Spider-man far from actually releases July2....
They forgot wandavision
You forgot guardians of the galaxy 3 set to come out in 2020 or 2021
BLACK WIDOW! Excited AF!
Salute black panther
Isint black widow dead
À few movie no make sense cause some people died and suddenly appear
Hopefully Blade will get a MCU reboot but r rated
Lol lies.
haha ur funny spider-man came out JULY 2 not “JULY 5” LMFAOAOOAO
I think captain marvel
?
Oh may god. 
??Cool?
???
?
If theres black widow why he die in the endgame??????
Black widow?? How can a dead move.?
dude the black widow movie alrady came out a long time ago
where is thor love and thunder
Hey where is Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 3 (2020)
???
i think Gambit and the silver surfer will have a movie,not sure tho
t challa it is
Can’t wait for black panther 2
The movies are not going to be the same without TONY STARK/ Howard potts. LOVEEEEE YOU 3000
Clickbait
If they are going to be making a movie based an avengers' back story,chances are,iron man is going to make an appearance
But shes dead how come?
It is a dum video
Marvel is definitely one of the best creation they've ever done since the beginning of my time
This is wrong. Dr. Strange 2 is set to hit theatres November 6th
Clickbait
Black widow is DEAD
U wud think dey wud av Dr strange b4 black panther it's been a while since his movie Tony stark is dead but iron man is not
It will be very different without Iron man....
I'll miss you 3000?
The ACTUAL next six movies:
1. Spider-Man Far From Home
2. Black Widow
3. The Eternals
First of all, where is Wonder Woman season 2  , second why don't u have a trailer for black panther , this means that u faked this ,there is not black panther 2  yet am I right ?!?
It’s gonna be weird because Black Widow is dead.
Stargate
No more ? action without Iron man?
I Love You 3000
What about dark Phoenix
woah theres a black widow one i think she will posess someones body since shes DEAD
No spidey is returning on July 2
San chi like chou in MLBB....but i think the actor pasa with him is Jay chou......
Iron man....
Thor?..
Like for a Scarlet Witch solo movie
So Black Widow isn't dead?
Finally black widow has her own movie, it was about time Marvel ????
Anyone else realize that the water seen where he gets blown away by water was already posted on time Instagram and was turned into a meme which mean not only did Tom spoil another movie but this movie was in the process of shooting sometime during homecoming or infinity war
I just hate the fact that they announced spider-man: far from home before the Avengers: End game
Ik why Dr.Strange is coming out in 2021. Mr. Cumberbatch has to grow his sexy beard of his
Why this coming marvel movie Black panther 2
Fake :)
Marvel  has the highground between 2019 and 2022 this is why it is doing so many movies
Black widows coming out i thought black widow died :P
yaaar Avengers endgame mn black widow to mar gaiee h bro  ab Nh aaygi uskii movie
The black widow movie spoils the black widow movie
there all fake watch the films over youll see there clips
Eternals looks as interesting as Inhumans. Yawn.
Wow this is so accurate because there is a trailer about BLACK WIDOW who (DIED)
Guardians  of the galaxy vol. 3
Not sure to release??
Is it true or fake news??
Pls answer..thanks
And I can promise you all their movies will be liberal based crap
How tf is iron-man and black widow in the Black Widow movie if they both died
Whtevr mcu will always hv a blank space without iron man
I already miss him ?
But will Stan lee be in it
I dont think black widow will recieve her own movie because she died in endgame
Didn't black widow die?
Black widow!?!??  But she died in endgame
Marvel is going to be little bored without  the cap thor ironman
He just used movie clips
Black widow died
Black widow died
M
Well. now that Feige has the X-Men and F4 in his hands, all things could be different.
really interested in what they will do in black widow in terms of plot i honestly cant think of a single thing. also in think the movie i am least interested is shang chi
Carnage
How black widow already died in endgame
I don't think that Black widow is really coming
Man, how awesome would Bruce Lee have been as Shang-Chi
Ok
Where is the hammer after cap took it??
Loki movie anyone ?
Those were celestials. Not eternals
I'm so excited for black widow and doctor strange 2??
Wait Black Widow Already Dead. and why there Black Widow Movie ??
Where is X-men dark Phoenix
Do u remember that black widow died in endgame so there wouldn’t be a movie about black widow
View the list here!!!!!
Wait but in endgame black widow dies so how will they make a movie from the past
Who wants to see a young female superhero starting out, having to discover her powers just like spidey?
endgame was the peak. now they are just milking it until the bubble pops. marvels knows this too. they planned for it.
Just make a Loki movie already
SPOILER WARNING
Why did they wait until black widow was DEAD to give her the movie she has deserved for years??? It would have been easier to do when Scarlett Johansson was younger anyways, not as much age reduction
This doesn’t even look like a marvel movie
Doctor strange... Black panther
X men is a part of Marvel but associated by marvel entertainment..
Uh thats tony stark in iron man plus iron man died in end game
Started as I am iron man
Ended as I am iron man
We love you 3000 Tony Stark ? ?
Marvel has said that they will relese three movies every year. So Black Panther 2 will be in 2020
How are they gonna make a black widow movie if she died in end game ?
Doctor Strange 2 real release date is 2020 June 12 not 2020.
I came for black panther
2021 for black panther 2? Lord i hope i can last the wait
Black widow is alive?
Apparently there are going to be at least 15 new marvel movies in 2020 what a load of utter ?they all are...no acting required?...?????
They should definitely do X-MEN again. They screwed that up royally.
SPOILER! 
Chadwick Boseman will be 43 or 44 when black panther 2 comes out I mean it doesn’t matter
What about Morbius?? Thats an upcoming marvel movie also
Here's hoping the Shang Chi movie will include Fu Manchu an M-I6..but i doubt it.
Here are my fanmade future avengers movies
Avengers 5:Galactic War
Avengers 6:Rise of The Demon Force
Avengers 7:Age Of Magma Man
So apparently black widows getting her own movie... so they haven’t seen endgame, or is she like, alive
Spider man far from home is release in July 2
Where is venom 2?
If theres one character I could bring back, it would be Loki. Sorry, not stark or widow or cap. Loki and Thor is the best. And btw this is a pattern.
Yay iron man isint dead after endgame
For shang-chi i think the actor for "Sunny" from "Into the bad lands" would be a great choice
Black widow and iron man died in End game
Black widow died in in game how
ANyone else would have made a 20 minute video explaining stuff that happend in the mcu and explaining stuff that will happen won’t happen that they think will happen
Spoiler alert sponge bob dies in endgame
Only doctor strange appeals to me
Add Black Widow to season three
Delete Captain Marvel. It never happened. She was a random cameo in endgame.
You can keep your woke Spiderman, far from reality. 
The MCU died with Iron Man.
Black Widow is died on Endgame... ????
black widow died at endgame how
I have honestly been waiting for years for a Black Widow movie and am now super pumped to know I have a chance to see it!
Black Panther 2 is Phase 5
They should get the Chicago bucket Boys to do the percussion for the black panther fight scenes
Did anybody realise in the black widow movie tony was there?
Wolverine plz
Tony Stark literally gets all the credit he's the one who started the Avengers, he's the one who came up with how they could time travel, and he was the one to save the whole world...
R.I.P. Tony Stark ( Iron Man)
Why don't they make a movie of hulk
But black widow died
N
No Deadpool Spiderman crossover yet
We need another fantastic 4 film.
And in the MCU
HA BLACK WIDOW GETS A MOVIE BEFORE HAWKEYE LOLOL
Good AFTAB
How is it possible Black Widow died in endgame???
I WANT A SCARLET WITCH SOLO MOVIE !!!!!!???
Black Widow died in avengers endgame
July 2 not 5
They forgot a film, what about Captain America 4???
It better not be az either
there should be a <guardian of the galaxy 3> which is related to Adam Warlock
(If you havent watched endgame this is a spoiler)
You ate joking black widow has died in endgame and Captain America has became old in endgame
Black widow is a lie
Very good
Guardians of the Galaxy 3 is also confirmed by Chris Pratt.
The blackwidow is fake cause in endgame blackwidow died ima right guys huh huh huh huhhhhhhh
Love ironman 3000
We don't need another black panther movie
Spiderman and the  sjw crew
I thought black widow died
The best for me are: SpiderMan,black panther2, Doctor Strange2 and black Widow - that's in order
you forgot guardians of the galaxy. After that, it all goes down hill from here
It feels like when Stan Lee died, some avengers died with him.
Finally!!! I can’t wait for black widow movie! It’s LONG overdue
When will they a SCARLET WITCH MOVIE I’m still waiting for Wanda to have her own movie
What my mom and dad grew up watching : Harry Potter 
What me and my future husband grew up watching : avengers
Shang-Chi is basically Bruce Lee!
For Shang chi Rain would be perfect!!!!
Great, new style is important.
WHAT ABOUT THE ASGARDIANS OF THE GALAXY?
Ok cause I’ll be graduated by the time someone of these come out
Thanks for your business and
 management of your order and we
4:04 Please, thats Marshall Law
Marvel needs a dam silver surfer movie
Is this new wave all going to lead up to Secret Wars?
I add to this top New Mutants :)
Guardians of the galaxy 3?
hey what about venom 2 : carnage
Baron Helmut Zemo's Thunderbolts: Need a MOvie.
Great music on this
Sound track name??
Dude Zach Dempsey from 13 reasons why would be a perfect shangchi
I cant wait 2 years ?
For the next black panter
We want guardians of the galaxy vol 3
Who got spiderman far from home trailer before watching
It's a shame war machine never got his own movie
I'm just sitting here waiting for the hulk to get a movie that he deserves
Iron Man!!!!
What is meaning of mcu?
Soul stone:am I joke to you??
Black widow:?
Wait tony
What happened to Naymor they mentioned him in end game
Gotg volume 3??????????????
Rip iron Man
thor 4???
Black Widow 2020Lol???
What about asguardians of the galaxy
Who are the Enterals?
Spider-Man is coming out on my BIRTHDAY! Yessssss?
Should do a Storm movie
I’m mad they are taking forever with Black Panther!
Endgame part 2
old town road
What about New Mutants?
All of the clips is from past movies this bots
Next part her avengers last king
How the heck did Black Widow die and
i cant wait for black panther 2
I love Shuri
BLACK WIDOW ??
Black widow dead and so as iron man
Ok, so, Deadpool 3 isn't even a THOUGHT yet...
Thx
STILL CRYING OVER PETERS DEATH
Asgaurdians of the galaxy
If iron fist doesn't fight shang-chi, it will be a real missed opportunity considering the comics
All is always nothing else is going to come after endgame.Thanas wins
you forgot iron man 4
iron man will return by nanotech
Hold on... i thought black widow died?
I just want more Wanda.
there will be  Venom 2 too
Black widow died in end game
Block your theaters for next marvel  movie ?? they don't understand the word end game
Marvel has nothing without Tony
Fazil
Endgame is end no more discussions
Well black widow is no more????
Wouldn't mind another Thor film.
I thought black widow died
Wrong!!! Black Widow is Dead
Rip Natasha Romanoff
why is stark in Black Widow???
No Scarlet Witch movie?
Shang chi looks like jiren
The World Will Never Be The Same After ENDGAME
Yassss!Finally a look into Romanoffs secret  life.
i'm hyped for black widow,black panther 2 and doctor strange 2
Venom: WEEEEE ARE VENN..!
ETERNAL: WE ARE ETERNALS!
missing cap and tony.....i only hope they would come back once
Endgame spoiler ahead:
AWESOME! but I'll be SUPER excited once I hear news of the first MCU Fantastic 4 and X-Men movies.
“Nice to finally meet you, Spider-Man.”
Hmm
Omg thank you! 
Another Dr Strange
2:16 Eternals and Celestials are not the same thing
Quick silver- hey bring me back... im ded too
Hope this is not clickbait
Black Widow should've had a movie years ago.
Shang-chi and  black panther 2 will definitely  break the endgame record. This is according to current strategy and people's mindset over MCUs. Strange 2 and black widow will also collect a considerable huge profit.
Black widow just came back to life right guys!
TL
- Spider-Man: Far From Home
- Black Widow
Black panther is the best super hero 
I am so siked for the second movie
I could still hear him “love 3000”
Except black widow died genous
Marvel should release another movie 
The title will be : return of iron man
Really guys? Tony and Widow will come back through some "loophole."
Spider-Man homecoming
Spider-Man far from home
Spiderman homeless
4:30 considering they didnt have the advanced techniques and technology those days, they made some pretty decent fight scenes.
Marvel: Let’s call this movie endgame cause it’s the end 
Also marvel: let’s make 6 more movies before 2022
You missed Guardian of the Galaxy 3 Thor & Star Lord in the lead.
1:05 wait isn't black widow dead ? Is it from when she was alive?
There’s still going to make movies after endgame?? I thought that was the last one
I've thought there's a movie about Moon Knight..
Guardians of the galaxy 3
This gives me a reason to stay alive.
black f-ing widow FINALLY
Perfect ??
I NEED IRON MAN 4!
Make Thor Vs Noobmaster 69
Movies I like to watch
Spiderman: Far From Home
Black Panther 2 
Doctor Strange 2
1:08 u go
Gardians of the galaxy 3? Pls
Tony stark we love you 3000
1:11 Tony Stark (Iron Man) is back.
What about venom 
I miss captain america so so much ???
yo don't know for u guys but I want Thor:4 hahahaha
You forgot about the Venom 2
1:11 is it Tony
Without tony ? Hmmmmm... i think...?
Man-thing film plsss :)
Guardians of the galaxy Vol 3?
Omg
Omg
Watch here!
No X Force any one?!
Celestials were introduced though, not the Eternals.
I don’t think I really want to watch anymore marvel movies after endgame
Looks like X-Men Dark Phoenix was forgotten? Marvel Universe too 
Without Iron Man everything will be incomplete...?
No thor?
Black Widow?
I am so here for an Eternals movie.
The director of black panther movie was actually one of my grandpa’s students.
Wish I could meet him one day
So spider man then wait to 2021 this is so sad
What about LOKI?
How about Wave?
Okk soo I have to live 11 years more ?
phase 4 lookin kinda dry tbh
Galactus?
Bro is there the amazing spider man 3 movie shooting is going on... Will they release the movie or not? Please reply
I’m excited for black panther 2
I thought black widow died in endgame
thought black widows dead
Endgame 2
U fr?
-6 the Asian Avenger
Only interested in Black Widow. Will skip others.
Moin
16k dc fans
No one is going to watch black widow
I want to see galactica developed.
Lame
WHAT ABOUT THE PHANTOM ISNT HE A SUPER HERO TOO???
Black widows dead fam
Well....that's a let down,  not one of those interests me at all except maybe Spidey
I think Dr Strange will bring Tony bak since he is the keeper of time after all...
Shang Chi is Shang Tsing mixed with Quan Chi, and fights like Liu Kang
Black Widow died though
Marvel Studios should turn out a new movie every month.  Then no one would be going to see anything else.
hey man are you dead black widow is already dead in endgame
I taught black widow died already
How tho black widow died in endgame
Can we call deadpool to clean up some timelines, I'm getting confused
Details released today state that Taskmaster will be the villain for the black widow film
Iron man 4? Magically Comes back to life ?
A nova movie is also quite likely.
YES! Finally BLACK WIDOW! Her own film!
Me:Yess i cant wait for doctor strange 2
2021:am i a joke to you?
Wait till comic con when they ACTUALLY show what movies are to be released
Dude Black Widow is Dead in Endgame she sacrificed her self for the soul stone
Thanos-"I am invietable"
Tony-"I am iron man"
Love you 3000 ????
Most excited for The Eternals and Dr. Strange 2 ?
Phase 4 - 5
Spiderman : Far From Home
Black Widow : Budapest
It's gonna be weird seeing Marvel movies without Mr. Stan Lee. I just hope they remember him and plug an image of him in. IDC if it's a picture or CGI.
Dc got NEW GODS and Marvrl got ETERNALS?
Hope they bring Moon Knight in the Black Panther sequel
Actually the "Eternal" shown in Guardians was actually a Celestial, a being different from Eternal. The Eternals were created By the celestials to protect earth.
"Love you 3000" will be remembered.......
Didn’t black widow die?
I need Loki..., that’s I only want....
For a second I thought #6 was the adventures of Bible-Man.
black window died in end game so how would she be in a movie??
When is MCU going to make moon knight.
Black widow died there can’t be another moive about her
Waiting for black widow movie ???
I was staring blankly after watching the endgame. Foolishly telling myself Captain America made a great exit and black widow needs to do it.
I still cant believe the great Iron Man left us...
But black widow is ded
But i still wanna see more movie about iron man n his family, capt america thor n his partner, hulk.. still not over them yet
You have to have Donnie Yen from Ip Man be Shang Chi
2017 :- spiderman homecoming
2019 :- spiderman far away from home
2024 :- spiderman homeless
White Panther
Black widow had dead because of soul stone in end game
Dear MCU,
we are grateful for the upcoming movies that we can't wait to see but please consider we have bills to pay.
Why i see tony stark at black widow movie
Spider Man is the ONLY one I might see.  I don't really care about any of the others, nor know who some of them are.
BLACK WIDOW IS DEAD
This made my day, i thought end game was the end of avengers, can't wait to watch them all. Especially Far from home. ???
Shang chi is getting a movie ????????
Wizard guy: Too many sorcerers
Me: Ahhhh shyyeettt
to all mcu fans i know tony death is hard for u but like our friend cap said u have to move on .
we love u 3000 and we will never forget u
Published May 23 2019 How tho???
Everyone be like “ who shang-chi” bet you havent heard of shanna the she devil, kang the conqueror, living tribunal, the entity, moondragon, the beyonder, onslaught or hyperion
Dr strange had to come early
even if tony stark died we still love him 3000
Finally she gets her own movie.
You know who I'm talking about.
Take a guess.
I love 3000 (3000 is the total minutes of all the marvel movies)
Black Widow ?
OBJECTION SPECULATION
Robert Downey, Jr "Ironman" had a contract with Marvel, But the expenses were getting high for the CGI, Suits and Wage was getting high. This meant cutting him from the industry was the best option, Robert even agreed on this. ( I think )
I thought gaurdians of the galaxy 3 was rumored to be one with thor as one of the guardians
Guardian of the galaxy 3?
0:25 mistake already. The release date is 2nd of july
He Biffed it with Black Widow
Hawkeye deserved a movie too
Forgot guardians of the galaxy 3
I think I heard blade is also coming up as well but we will see it makes sense with the morbius movie
What do u mean by eternals? 
Im a kid hehe
After endgame it's just like..... hmmmmm whatever !
So, no thor?
Sonic the hedgehog the Movie
Stop the I love u 3000 and come up with some original comments or I will have your comments terminated
SPOILER QUESTION FROM ENDGAME
RDJ was the front man for years and did an amazing job in helping the MCU become what it is today. But, all good things must come to an end. It wont be the same without RDJ or Chris Evan's, but I see potential in the post Endgame future!
We want avengers back
How about the Gambit? When will it be screened?
Where is gotg vol3
Man shang chi looks awesome
Black widow ded lol
Where is nova?
Guardians 3 as well.
I dont think they going to publish like until 2021
Love 3000000
Ant man saved the world and they forgot about dark Phoenix
Hello World
?????????
I LOVE YOU 100000000000000000000000000000000000000 TONY
Wait but black widow is dead how will her movie come?
More formulaic Hollywood dirge, wrapped up in a delicous-looking parcel of colorful advertising, well-edited trailers, glowing reviews that they pay ppl to write, and school ground "must-be-the-first to see it" hype..but make no mistake, it's still dirge.
So the black widow movie is gonna be in the past for sure well duh
What about Morbius: The Living Vampire that is gonna come out next year..?
How can black widow make a movie she's dead
Softer strangeR
Without tony stark marvel nothing
Only excited for Spider-Man, The Eternals, and that last one Shang Chi.
man there is no guardians of the galaxy volume 3 in the list
Black widow died on endgame
Lol black widow ain’t coming out:( unless it’s about her story
I guess dark phoenix isn't MCU  but definately marvel
Apparently they want to replace black panther actor with Kevin hart
Black widow died naz tony
How they gonna make a new black widow when she dies in endgame
Bruh how is there supposed to be another Black widow movie??
Finally Black Widow is coming!! How long I have longed for that!!! She (Black Widow, not Scarlett per se) is awesome. But Scarlett does it well.
And I would guess that the only reason Shang-Chi is being done, is because it will start an Asian person, and possible not by "peoples choice" (NORMAL people, not SJW, feminists).
Comment section
20% UgH bLaCk WiDoW dIeD uGh TRIGGERED
70% ToNy StArK dIEd OmG sO sAd LoVe yOu 3000 
2% Stan Lee
Men black widow is dead and ironman
In end game black widow dead CA became oldman tony died
How they came
Didn’t black widow die in end game
Why is she alive
So they releasing a Hawkeye movie or not?
I was hoping they would never explain Budapest. The line Black Widow and Hawkeye said. It does not need to be known what happened in Budapest. Leave it a mystery. Well I guess we are gonna find out now
How is the black widow gonna have her own movie after she was killed in endga-
I want a Ronin/Hawkeye movie ?
Everyone in the comment section are spoiling EndGame instead of talking about the video and upcoming movies.
How could there be a black widdow if she died for the soul stone
There is no more marvel fullstop. Stan lee isnt alive anymore therefore neither is marvel.
Captain marvel 2 because she was gone for half of endgame
1-Avengers infinity war
 2-Avengers endgame
 3-Avengers  Meet Galactus.
So sorry for Nat??
How is the black widow movie happening !?!?!?
Shang-Chi: Exists
Chuck Norris: Oh No, Not Again.
Shang Chi and Doctor Strange 2 seem the most hype
Cpt America died with Endgame
Shang Chi I believe we will FINALLY SEE the Debut of THE TRUE MANDARIN and FIN FANG FOOM
If they don't introduce Adam Warlock in Endgame and not in GOTG 3... then we should expect one more upcoming movie !
We love u 3000 mr stark Rest In Peace all our fallen avengers
That's a sick thumbnail!?
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3?
yaar full movie send kar
But didn't Black widow die?!!
Black widow movie in 2020
Soul stone: Am I a joke to you ?
Am I the only one who never heard of Shang chi?
How black widow she is forever dead!
Shang-chi would be dope. 
Hope they buy the actor playing Bruce Lee from Terintino
It will never be the same. Endgame ended everything. ??
Black widow has dead...
2024: Goose the Cat
in 2021.... the X-Men would be back ?
Black widow?? She dead
Three simple words: Iron Man 4.
That is all I want.
What ever film will release by mcu ..... Iron Man will not be there?????
He forgot guardians of the Galaxy 3
Tony bhi hoga iron man bhi hoga
Par wo mahan actor r.d.j nahi honge
Why would anyone want to see a fulll black widow movie
I for one really don't want a Black Widow movie. Not with Scarletts Black Widow if it was the real Black Widow I'd be up for it.
fake films
Isn't black widow dead
Isn't black widow dead
Black widow die at endgame
Iron man will be sorely missed but I think they can do something with Ironheart idk maybe is just me!! With the Russo brothers it can work? Avengers Endgame is awesome i almost cried?
02:50:00 AM
"Who are you"
sigh Here we go again lol
My friends: what happened?
Me: iron man died
We want iron Man back????????
I hope marvels will reincarnate IronMan..????
Who is the real fan of Tony Stark ?Like here..
Love you 3000?? Tony..
Everyone is crying for tony 
marvel what did we do to merit this
Tony love u infinity and even if u dont show it u have the greatest heart
This is straight up BS
I love you 3000??
Still looking forward to the latest Xmen film
What about Guardian's of the Galaxy from Vol. 2 a teaser about Ayesha creating Adam Warlock
It's just mind blowing!
Shang shi its really bruce lee character?
Still waiting for thanos in smash. We know it’s coming....
I feel like tony is going to be back
PHASE FOUR
SPIDERMAN FAR FROM HOME-JULY 2019
ETERNALS-NOVEMBER 2020
NAMOR-MAY 2021
Without Tony stark...! I say Good bye MCU
I love how you just threw in Bruce Lee clips with no context whatsoever
You forgot venom 2 that's coming out 2020 it's supposed to be before Tony stark does so you do see Robert Downey jr ( iron man)
2020 , 2021 c’mon das way too long
anyone can tell me what name the music behind this video?!
I WANT TO SEE TONY AND LOKI COMING BAAAACK 
You can get rid of the last one
Bruce Lee -chang Lee hmm really a Avenger? ?????
You forgot theres going to be a gardians of the Galaxy 3
Also don't forget Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3
u forgot guardians of the galaxy 3
Azgardians of the Galaxy
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY 3!!! How could you forget that but remember Shang Chi cmon
tony stark will always be the real iron mam 
love you 3000
you guys forgot Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3.
wait why Black Widow?
What about Shazam 2?
Black Widow already die in Avengers Endgame, right?
EndGame was the last one....marvel said so themselfs
What about the guardians of the galaxy 3
Who the heck waiting this long to watch these movies?
invite me for your future film
What do you think goes after Shang-Chi?
Yeah 2021 finna be lit
Can we get a skrull arc and maybe even a spider woman movie?
Cypress Hill Rock Superstar
I'll seriously not miss Black Widow!
What about Shazam 2???
Black widows movie is before endgame and that’s when she is still alive
I think they should make a Thanos orgin story
Telling us would have taken 30 seconds, but no, you had to make a 5 minute video. Almost like you get paid for length, not brevity....
Black widow is dead and you forgotten guardians of the galaxy 3
Absolutely you are talking crab,
You forgot about new mutants and dark phoenix
Come back iron Man????????????????????
can any one plzz hlp me to get that black panther wallpaper we saw here in this vdo  ... timecode 3.04
Where is Ironman returns?????
Black widow dies in endgame?
Phase 4
Black Widow : Budapest (May 1, 2020)
l am shocked
What up with an unreadable hulk movie?
Omega red would be nice
They better go back in time and bring tony back to life along with black widow!!!!!!!!!!!!
You forgot the new guardians of the galaxy movie and another unnamed marvel movie. There are 8 new marvel movies set to come out in the next 2-3 years
I can guarantee you after endgame nothing will be as good. Man....
Black widow is dead daaa!!!
Wrong in 2020 there’s a film called venom 2:carnage I’m sure the YouTuber that made this vid will understand I’m right
your saying iron man came back in the black widow movie 1:11
Cable and Bishop
They got the date wrong for Far From Home, it's July 2nd, not July 5th.
but ironman and black widow is dead  1:06
how is it a black widow movie after the endgame wen she died in endgame?
If u have seen endgame I know black widow dies so how does she get a movie after yhay
Iron man is the best
I thought black widow died... in endgame
I read a theory about Cap traveled back in time to return the stones, he got Nat back in exchange for the soul stone and then Nat helped him return all of the remaining stones and she helped him fix all of the stuff that they messed up when they collected the stones...he didn't marry Peggy because that will change the future, and marrying Peggy will prevent her from marrying the husband that she married when Steve froze in ice, so he just stopped by to dance with her. Then when they were ready to go home they only had 1 pym particle left, so they promised to stay and only return if one of them dies. Years passed and Nat and Steve got married, lived life together until Nat died and that's when cap returned to inform everyone that everything  was okay. But when Sam asked who the girl Steve married, he refused to tell him because it was actually Nat. I really love this theory tho what do you guys think??
CAPTAIN AMERICA IS OLD
why make a movie about a dead character, Black Widow?
Wait wasn’t there a Black Widow movie back in 2002.
Spider-Man:home coming
Spider-Man:far from home
Err:509
I am really excited for doctor strange 2 movie SO MUCH
How did the iron man came in black widow
With Fox acquired, Next Avengers could be Secret Wars
4:03 i have that comic book its the new avengers i think
I may quit watching marvel movies without  iron man
Marvel  will never be the same without Iron Man Captain America  black widow
0:27 Spiderman Far From Home
01:01 Black Widow
01:53 The Eternals
02:39 Black Panther 2
but,black widow is dead in endgame
The collector introduced the CELESTIALS not the ETERNALS.
But marvel confirmed Black widow dead asf forever
I love captain America and iron man
Black panther 2 is not coming out in 2021
Without iron Man this movies are ?????
Dave Bautista is Asian(Philippines). So Shang-Chi isn't the 1st Asian in MCU.
Marvel should do q movie and the title is
         AVENGERS
there is also project of next Guardians of the galaxy
also Im waiting for Doctor Strange 2
Can’t wait for black widow, I love her 3000
Only looking forward for Spider-Man dr strange 2 black panther 2 and black widow ...
I would like to see the Fantastic Four introduced in the Black Panther sequel. It would be fitting for the MCU's Fantastic Four to first appear in a Black Panther movie since Black Panther first appeared in a Fantastic Four comic. They could team up to fight Doctor Doom. Since Loki was killed in Infinity War I think Doom would be the ideal character to fill the void as a recurring villain for the entire MCU. It could also set up a Fantastic Four solo movie.
Many days ago 
I was searching about endgame 
And i gone in similar movies - marvel
I saw that there is a avengers movie in 2020
At the beginning of every marvel movie they should put “In loving memory of Stan Lee.”
Well, the next thing im excited for is Kratos vs Thor.
Smh just make a iron fist movie over half of us don’t even know who is the last character in the last movie release ?????
i thought black widow dies
But black widow is already dead
It'll never be the same without Iron Man and Our beloved Cap ???
We need a sequel to The Incredible Hulk.  Edward Norton wasnt enough.  We need 1 more movie.  Make it happen Disney Marvel.
Tony might have died but he is alive in our hearts 
Avengers is no good without iron man 
I love you 3000,Tony ( acually i love you 10 million
We want iron man back
1:07 which movie is that? 
Please tell?
Two of my biggest comic book buys was Fantastic Four, because I loved the character "The Thing" but I also was huge fan of the comic "Black Panther" I used to have velvet poster of a Panther on my wall. Then "Conan the Barbarian" and the "Punisher" around this time I was buying Heavy Metal magazines because of Mobius's graphic art.
Am I the only one who wants another MCU movie directed by Taika Watiti? Even though it's not accurate to the comics, I had an absolute blast watching Thor: Ragnarock. It's a lot of fun to watch. I would love to see another Superhero film from him.
WHEN I SAW BLACK PANTHER TWO, I JUST STARTED SCREAMING.
Marvel: Black widow 2020
Soul stone:??
Not for iron man but i am really sad for steve roger ????
My fav avenger is not there now ??
Adam warlock he's coming!
I'm looking forward most to Dr. Strange 2 and Eternals tbh
1:11 is tony made his return?
Why did you
STOLE THE TIME STONE 
To go in the FUTURE
I really have to Move On what happened to endgame before watching these movies but not really sure if I can
The first film of BW ?
I can't wait to see dr. strange 2
Will there be Adam warlock in the eternal
LOVE YOU.3,000??
I been a fan Marvel for like Almost 12 years and I never heard of the eternals and shang chi.
GoTG3!?!?
Must exited for the re release of enter the dragon?
I was expecting avengers vs x-men
Spoiler!!(lol)
We miss  u iron-man ???????
At 1:12 who taught that how ironman is back
So....I hear you wanna be a Rock Superstar...
Captain Marvel 2? villains are on their way
Not into Marvel , rock stars etc. And I dont want to be.  I am living all seasons of reality
Guardians of the galaxy vol 3?
Purely speculation for views.
What about guardians of the galaxy?
Dr. Strange I'll see but that's it
Venom2???.
What else can they come up with... Someone else trying to destroy earth or the galaxy i think it's about time to let the comic book movies GO...
They should retire the mcu it's done and old
no avengers :(
So after these 6 movies, will the marvel universe restart?
Black widow?
Wakanda Foevah!!
THE SECOND ONE IS A LIE I CANT TELL U WHY UNLESS YOUVE WATCHED ENDGAME BUT ITS A LIE
Left out guardians
Marvel....Credit goes to you
There is no Avengers without Iron-Man
And who the heck is Shang-Chi? Is he even belong to Avengers?
01:11:00 AM
Is that iron man and pepper Potts ....???
Song?
How the F black widow alive
Doctor Strang sequel is taking way, WAY, too long!
Wait wait why is iron man in balck widow movie I thought he died?
1:00 black widow died on endgame
You didn't told about dark avengers
There should be the young avengers
Ms.Marvel
Guardians of Galaxy 3 are also a thing
Mehhh, underwhelming. They should be fast tracking F4 and setting up a new story arch.
I can’t wait for black widow
July 5th is my b day
I Love Iron man
Doctor strange 2
She died in endgame.
Eternals =/= Celestials
Donnie Yen for Shang Chi please
Thought she dead
I was hoping for a hawkeye movie
Black panther 2 coming out in 2020 no cap
Shang-Chi, I can't wait to see Tom Cruise play this role
WAIT! If this movie is coming out after Endgame, in 2020, and Tony Stark is in it. ??????????
You are gone but not forgotten
Where is thor new movie or stop
Udah ga ada Iron Man jadi kurang tertarik. Sorry
What happened to the gambit movie???
I thought black widow died....?
But black widow died?
Wakanda Forever
??
Iron man Without No Marvel
Would love to see ghost rider and doctor strange team up. And who would love to see hulk go at it with the thing!!???
Anyone coming after endgame??
What about
Galactus better be there next
black widow die in endgamee
Black widow is dead
Scarlet witch movie??
Thallumbol echiri limitu venam katta...
Marvel should make a movie about stan lee this year they should call it....
That Rock Superstar instrumental  is dope asf
Is that Black Widow movie gonna finally show us what happened in Budapest?
Feels bad I wanted to see a Black Captain America Movie
I can't wait for the Black Widow movie
Silver Surfer with Galactus please. Maybe after the eternals but guardians of the Galaxy vol.3 is another one I'm looking forward to.
Not excited about these marvel movies anymore except Dr strange 2 
Miss uh iron man
Love uh 3000
Eh, These seem like all B or C characters.  They should start with the X-Men series and do them right.
hows iron man in black widow
I am gonna retire from MCU after end game
I have to see black panther 2 it's my mission if I don't I will die
Would still love Agents of Shield to be tied into a film, I WANT MY THIRST QUENCHED P L E A S E
I'm just patiently waiting for the Xmen and Namor ??????
I  will really miss captain America and Tony stark ????
Guys guys guys we all know the most UNDERRATED MOST IMPORTANT LIFE NEEDED RESOURCE IS A .. rat ?
Black widow is dead bruh
I feel like all of these movies are gonna be great
Spider man: Homecoming 
Spider man: Far from Home
Spider man: Never going Home
No iron man and cap that means no marvel. Easy as that.
What... Black Widow is dead man then how will her movie come..?
There should have been a movie called "Scarlet Witch" the strongest character never gets known for her power...marvel says that he powers are to complex....LIES! yall did Captain Marvel so hit up Wanda Maximoff RIGHT DANG NOW! i would watch that movie like life time of times but i canf and why u ask? Oh hea bc they have yet to give her a movie!
If Fortnite was so good where Fornite 2?
Thanos: I am inevitable
Tony: I am Iron Man
Thanos: Am I a joke to you
You forgot the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol.3, and Ant-Man 3.
I predict “Black Widow” will come out sometime in July 2020
only thing im liking is black widow and dr strange. waiting for another thor and guardians of the galaxy. and hopefully an Iron man or an Hawkeye storyline
"Asian has joined the chat"
still haven’t seen endgame ?
Yes Doctor Strange I love Doctor Strange & I love Groot
Ive never heard of the last one on here.
getting a DC ad before this video made me really mad for some reason
I really thought they kind of have a new Iron Man as iron girl something because in the comic it was a black girl that took Tony's PLace after he polished hEr technology
Are they working on the film called "the new avengers"??
I cant wait!!!
Black Widow! Finally!!!
You know they forgot about Guardians of the galaxy vol 3
Interesting!
I thought Endgame is the last movie? How can there be more movies after Endgame? Endgame has the word END in it!
So i see its a money business..these amount of views already made someone 100grand...nice
Spider man :far form home comes out July 2 ??
What about guardians of the galaxy 3?
What about ( SPIDER MAN AND HIS AMAZING FRIENDS ) SPIDER MAN, FIRE STAR ? , AND ICEMAN....BRING THIS ONE TO LIFE....PLEASE??????
What about me I AM GROOT
i just excited to watch the black widow
BUT MARIO BLAK WIDOZ N IRONY MANZ IS DEAD FOE
Is there going to be guardians of the galaxy vol 3 ?
guardians 3?
Widow died and so did iron man soooooo?
After watching endgame this video makes no sense...
Do anything, all put together can't fill the absence of tony
Where is guardians of the galaxy 3 ??? Huh ??
Woah
Are you tony stank?
The eternals are also known as the celestials I think like ego but...
What about IRON MAN???
When will the film will come marvel v.s dc
I want a Hawkeye movie 
Well my screen still the Bigger. they fit all in my screen
never knew that michael jordan was in marvel
sigh, The Vision is not shorter than Spider-Man..
Doormumu is not in the list?
It's Bird!
It's a Plane!
It's Michael Jordan!!!
MJ: Stop it, Get Some Help!
Ant-Man: I‘m bigger than Galactus.
Surtur: Hold my Sword
No one:
Michael Jordan: "This is where I belong".
Did she giggle in the beginning? Damn that was cute
Iron man is actually 5’9
Spider-Man is actually 5’10
Thor is 6’3
Cap is 6’3
SL made: marvel universe comparison 
Nobody:
This video:*comes out*
Yo like hell id believe peter is 6ft
1:21 shows Galactus
3:12: ALSO SHOWS GALACTUS
SO IS HE BIGGER THAN EARTH OR NOT
Hulk is only 8 ft??
Then how big is juggernaut??
My favourite Marvel character of all time was always the Asian Elephant.
That giggle ??
12:07:00 AM
Who else wondered when they saw Michael Jordan
Nobody: 
One of the background elephant actors in Black Panther:
I know for a Fact that Groot isn't bigger than a T-Rex
No one: 
The living tribunal: IM THE BIGGE-
Anti-spiral: HEH
Seriously, CAPTAIN AMERICA is shorter than TONY STARK
Antmans can go up to 121 feet I’m pretty sure
Galactus can be made larger than several galaxies, and other cosmic manifestations also as infinite, a small part of Odin's power which crushed Galaxies with his hands lol
Hulk is in this list but no sign of juggernaut?
0:56 wtf is Michael Jordan doing in here
This is so incorrect!!
That giggle at 0:07 thou
0:07 that giggle ?
2:28 is that god of war?!
Some of these aren’t even marvel related and where is venom and cosmo the space dog
When the hell did Iron man become 6.6 ft?
When did Spider-Man become 6 feet tall?
This video is very inaccurate and I am 53 seconds in
Ego must have a big ego if he is that big.
I love Asian elephant, it's my favourite Marvel character
There's Ant-Man
There's Spider-Man
"One above all" is god in marvel
what people using metric see: ???,???,??????
I love ir smile at beginning i love this ?
0:06 what the f was that laugh
00:07 her giggle is everything?
Ant man particle size vs. Living tribunal.
Ant man particle size: Does close up Magic
Living tribunal: faints from surprise
And, she miss pronunced tribunal... sigh
The OAA is technically the biggest as he has infinite ability soooo
Nonsense, It starts as a MCU comparison and end up with a top 5 comic characters!
If going to measure the whole Marvel universe size. Please do it right
Why do I hear boss music?
Real American starts playing
What’s your favorite superhero? 
Chrysler Building.
12:56:00 AM
Michael Jordan is Marvel?
Hulk: Hulk smash!!!
Hulk hogan: thanks buddy, for making me a part of your famous line!!!
0:55 Michael Jordan
1:04 Hulk Hogan
Uh-
2:29 thats the world serpent in God of war 4
In 1:02 why there was hulk Hogan and Michael Jordan
So your saying... that
Giant man....
Could fit a whole continent
?!
What is Michael Jordan doing here??
Isn’t NEMESIS have all the infinity stones in her head
Me:*sees Michael Jordan 
Also me:WHAT
The one above all is limitless so he should be on top
Why is everyone keep skipping Dormmamu?!
It's amazing ?
Have you ever got that feeling that Star Wars is associated with marvel
0:43 Wait, Spidey is taller than Vision? I tought that was the opposite.
0:55 I was like MICHAEL JORDAN?????!!!??!?
No1: original beyonder : he is bigger than the marvel multiverse in his true form.
Me seeing Michael jordan:wait what the fric
SL:marvel size
Me:wth is there Michael Jordan???
Is the dark world in "Doctor strange", why you don't put it to?
Wtf is Jordan doing there?!?
Edit: Ok elephant and t-rex you also are marvel heroes.
Edit 2: Since when is god of war in marvel universe?
Joe man Gond that’s not how to pronouns it wth
You already mentioned galatus btw he has the space stone in him
You missed big friendly giant
I don’t remember Michael Jordan being in marvel
Never knew that michael jordan was in marvel. I think his power is throwing the basketball to his enemy
0:57 uh Michael Jordan?
Guys. Michael Jordan was always in marvel. He plays the guys who was scared and running like the 500 other people in avengers 1
When i saw michael jordan in endgame i knew the avengers were going to win, he was a real table turner
The seductive voice killed it
Jordan was the strogest character in MU.Jordan forever
Something that i always wondered and never posted this question until now.  How come in infinty war  all the superheros that we saw in endgame not band together to fight thanos?
This is a crap video who gets on YouTube to have to read. It kind of defeats the purpose of watching something is the equivalent to watching TV with the sound off and having reading the captions
Where's thanos with the heart of the universe
Sl made: giggles 
Me: ??????
??????????????????
When the hell was michael Jordan in the mcu
*Cries in metric system
Great video, can u do tutorial or what kind of software u using edit this video
Michael Jordan in marvel when......
DORMAMMU ADD MUST HE SHOUD BE AT PLACE 4!!!
01:55:00 AM
EGAWWW
I think theo one above all is the talles and got the biggest size becuase he can turn into anything and no one know about his real size and how tall he is ( i think so )
One part of me was like...
NERRRRD
Im so sorry.
Yerrr I don't think you actually know the heights ? you based galactus on the fantastic 4 films cloud ?
Ant-Man actually hit 65 ft in Civil War. He mentions it in Ant-Man and the Wasp.
I’m proud of myself
What about molecule man  
And what is michal jordan doing in there
Well that’s a thing 1:00
Since when was Spider-Man 6 feet tall?
Wait remember in ur other size comparison it was living tribunal spectre then galactus?
Dormanmu: do u forget about me ??
You forgot my "snake"
same i never knew michael jordan was a marvel character
I knew Michael Jordan was on Marvel
It is just showing that iron Man is as big as Michael Jordan guys
This doesn't seem like a good representation
The serpent must be on the next thor
When i saw Vision 5.9ft i stopped watching.  He is 6.3ft
I never knew have a tower
Oh Michael Jordan is Marvel I didn't know that?
2:12 it cannot be tall if it is a planet
Where’s Goliath?
My favorite marvel character is definitely Michael jordan
I think your smile is so cute ??
Dormamu ** cries in the corner
Eat, Sleep and Repeat.A correct example of the statement.Continuously giving us great informative videos saluting to your work.
When michael jordan came to marvel?
Galacticius is 26 ft tall? THE FUDGING EATER OF WORLDS!
Micheal Jordan is there for a height comparison, i know some of y’all are joking but not everybody has a rick & morty level of intellect
When I saw th3 28ft galactus and the 23 ft groot I was gonna cry
Can y’all reupload your video on the most powerful characters
Michael Jordan is in marvel? ?
Dormammu I’ve come to bargain
I just love your voice ? I
Never knew that The Galactus is that small and Groot is that tall
I thought Joe is the biggest marvel hero...
Didn't know Michael Jordan was in marvel well the more ya know.....
Michael Jordan...
Michael Jordan and hulk Hogan were my favorite marvel characters
Hulk hogan is in marvel???waaooohhh,and lastly all the list is wrong..
In Germany we would say "geiles video"
Since when was groot 23ft
What was Hulk hogan doing there
Lol!
1:25 galactus is bigger than a planet
Some of the characters aren't even in marvel
The biggest size in MCU is One-Above-All It is the biggest thing in the MCU
In GOTG vol. 2 , ego said that the planet is smaller than our earth's moon , can u please fire ur facts checker.
Where is THANOSSSS
Michael Jordan is part of Marvel? Woooow
Please dont Giggle,
do everyone  a favor
Wow! The living tribunal is so gigantic!!!!!
But jormungandr is a scp (SCP 722 Class:Apollyon)
Biggest thing+ant man pym disc?
WHERE IS THE : ONE ABOVE ALL?
And let's not forget that Big Chungus is the most powerful entity larger than the Universe itself in our eyes.
Living tribunal look like bahrama
What is apocalypse beast from
T REX IS 40 FT IDOT
0:57 wtf Micheal Jordan doing there?!
How is T-Rex In Marvel?
what about THE ONE ABOVE ALL?
Number 15: burger King foot lettuce
Tony stark father name = Howard stark 
The ducks name= Howard the duck now we see what happened to Howard in future he was alive
Wtf just i looked WASTED
The 40th person to like the movie
what about Dormmammu?
Tom Holland!!! 6ft
Dormammu?
I never knew a asian elephant and Micheal Jordan was a marvel character
I thought you are comparing marvel universes like there are many universes in a omniverse , your title is misleading ??????????
So is Mikaboshi(Chaos King) part of Abstract Entities?
Since when did Michel Jordon and hulk Hogan is the MCU
Never knew buildings would be in marvel
When the americans uses feets instead of pálinka bottles per paprika.
You forgot
Pre Retconned Beyonder
One Above all
Dormamu
What about fin fang Foom and Eson the searcher
You missed the beyonder
Hey what about THANOS???
Lol you add Michael Jordan
Make a similar Video on DC Universe
I can’t believe michael jordan was a avenger
My favourite marvel character 
MICAEL JORDAN
Why is Michal Jordan an elephent and hulk hogan in there
Peepee size comparison?
You guys forgot Dormammu!!
Seeing black widow being 5.7 I think I am 5.11 and I am 15 and I think how am I so tall
What is that laugh
What about doormamu ?
Ego I'm the biggest God Hold my Earth
Where is dormamu???
??? 
Edd
You even don't know the tallest building is burj Khalifa
This is so inaccurate
Where are the fin fang foom
Hi
So who is above the Living Tribunal?
Dormammu?
Na iron man has always been shorter than cap iron man is 6,1
You forgot me.
Peter Parker the high-schooler is 6ft. ???
One above all and living tribunal are considered the same person right ?!?!
Whaaaa elephant building jordan
0:49 spiderman is 5’8
i did not now MJ is also Included in the MCU
you did not include dormammu...
T. rex is 45 feet
Galactus , Planet devourer, 28 feet
Yaoming : im bigger
I know it was living tribunal
In 1:22 there was African elephant and t rex
Use meters!
I thought Eternity was the biggest
in feet, sigh
CAN YOU DO IN METERS?
Wait Micheal Jordan??
Just saying half of these characters are literally from real life not MU
i didnt know elephant was in marvel.
What is apocalypse beast in???
Ur dumb, in Age of Ultron, the Vision is eye level with Thor and Peter Parker is not 6 feet tall among other inaccuracies in this video
Oh and giant ant man was much larger than 60 feet
Ah yes, my favorite Marvel superhero.
T. rex and. Empire State building and Michael Jordan and world trade centre? Is in marval
oh. so you forgot dormammu on the list.
Steven universe cluster  full formed
Who uses ft?
Use Meters!
What about Dormamu?
And what if galactic turns into the the one above all
A shame you don't use the metric system all the time. Nearly all of humanity uses the metric system.
Dormammu missed
How about Dormamu??
and what about Dormamu
Glactus was there twice
1)God
Michael Jordan and Hulk Hogan are in the MCU? ???
thors 6.2 ft btw
Why in the video have two galuctuses
How much is one ft ? ( meters )
comparison or comparsion???
Dormamo i came to bargain
Marvel??
Where is Sentenial?
Dormammu?
Micheal jordan just randomly pops up
Michael Jordan is in Marvel?
Why is Michael Jordan in there
They skipped Thanos!!
Where is doormammu mam*???
I love her voice
Galactus is only 28 ft?!?!?
He is bigger than ego planet
Asian elephant is my favorite superheroes in marvel universe
You have not included dormamu
Of Dr.Strange
EVERY ONE of course Michael Jordan is a marvel superhero his power is speed and super jump
Surtur is not 300 meters or 1000 feet as stated in this video ? Surturs final form in the mcu is over 4,000 meters or 13,124 feet tall https://www.fxguide.com/fxfeatured/building-character-with-thor-part2/?cn-reloaded=1
U missed thanos
nonsense size, delusional forever
She Hulk Hogan?
Since when has Galactus been less than 50. WTF
What about Dormammu?
Did u say galactic is like 29 feet
Since when was Hulk Hogan marvel?
#1 the one above all
So a Building is in this list bt no mention of Dormammu!
Galactus 28 ft? The heck
Where Tanos??
Bloody hell
Can you use metric unit please??
Btw your subscriber not just an american
Were is Oragomo from doctor strange
when was michael Jordan a marvel character and hulk Hogan
so the "ant" man is bigger than the earth, lol the irony
What about beyonder?
Does size matter...
Asian Elephant…
Asian Elephant?
U dont have knowledge 
Who is Galactus and The one above all
Galactus is bigger then antman in his small form I believe
You forgot about Dormamo the villian of doctor strange movie
Where is Ragnarok???
Woah
And Hawkeye
And dormammu??
Vision is flying so -_-
Why is there michael jordan here
Some of them r not even in marvel
Lmao why Michael Jordan there??
Ok Surtur...1000ft?  Woah I never knew... :/
Where is dormammu?
Why is Michael Jordan there
elephants are in the mcu
Where's the dormamu
Are you Sri Lanka ,you know Tamil??????
mj in marvel. what movie is he in? i have to watch it
Do you know that Galactus is more  big than Giant ant man
Yes Morgan Freeman is the oldest in the universe
Why is Micheal Jordan there
Dormmamu? Hello?
??
You forgot method man
Just a question...is ,"The staff of the living tribunal"in Dr Strange related to this living tribunal?
Michael jordan ?
Where's  dormammu
Kilmoger michzeal b jordan
You missed a one very Big eson the searcher
What? Ant Man is higher than Galactus?
Where's Thanos?
What the hell is galactus standing on
Hulk Hogan?
She mention galactus 2 times
Where is dormamu?
U forgot about dormamu
What music is in this video?
I am groot.
My favourite is Asian elephant and t rex
How is michael jordan there
What happened to doormamu
Honestly dis WIERD
Do the most famous top 10
Where is one above all
Michael jordan?
Hulk hogans my favourite character by far
dr.strange?
Marvel Universe Size Comparison 
Shows Micheal Jordan
You forgot fin fang foom
Where is doramammu from dr strange??
Why Michael Jordan and not 
Never knew that hulk HOGAN was in marvel ????
1) Galactus is strongest and higher in Marvel comics.
2) Spiderman is 5.2 highest not 6 feets he just a kid.
3) you show in this video many mistakes.
Who is using feet?? Damn i know only 1 country using feet and they lost war against vietnam lol
Life is a wonder you never no the answer
How about dormammu.
Galactus isnonly 29 Ft?
dormammu ????
What was hulk hogan doing there
Why is galactus only 29ft?
Where is one above all
Yes u r right but living tribunal is. 2nd u forget one more thing one above all he is make a universe 100% omnipresent 100% power %he make a multi universe and anything but living tribunal is 612 universe in one time and one above all is a god and u forget a sentre,  beyonder,  etc
Micheal Jordan?
First
Idk why Jordan is there
what about dormamu
What about space dog?
Hmm Groot is not 23 feet tall
Michael Jordan is NOT in the MCU
You forgot dormammu
Where is doormamu??
Galactus is smaller than ego
If you don't believe then watch hulk and the agents of smash
Well what about dormamu
Where is Yahweh?
How come it says Galactus two times one at 28.8 ft then another one time at number 3?
I never knew that an Asian elephant was marval
Hulk hogan ?
Tower building  what???????
What about Venom
Dormamu should be at no. 2 or 3
Spider-man on far from home 6ft?
Marvel universe.     Shows Michael Jordan
Bruh galactus eats galaxies so how can he be smaller than ant man?????
Where is shaquale onoule
There are two galactus
where is dor mamu of docter strange
God More Big.They All Small.Like An Ants
Since when did Hulk Hogan,Michael Jordan and an ELEPHANT became a part of marvel?
Where is the Beyonder?
Star Wars power levels
My favorite marvel character is hulk hougn
Thor is 6.3
Where is doormammu ???
Where are Selsetials ?
michael jordan?? wut
You forgot dr manhattan
You forgot Elon Musk
What about dormamu
Best channel
U forgot doormamu
Change the title lol
And dure mamu
how about god?? is moree bigger
What about dormamu
Tom Holland is only 5,8
Galactus two times
Allah very big !
You forgot dormamu
Thanos ?
What?? Galactus is just 28.9 ft definitely wrong Galactus is bigger than earth bro
Wtf number 4 are you normal? Its god of war no marvel
Where is dormammu
What hulk Hogan???????????????
What about thanos
that's an African elephant
Ok the giggle isnt made fun off in this video,,,,
Can you greet me
Where is venom?
Hulk hogan is part of mcu ???
Spider-man is like 9 year old me trying to gain height by tip toe
Still not big enough
I skipped the video wen it showed spiderman is higher than vision and as tall as black panther... ??
Where is DORMAMU
Robert downey junior AKA  IronMan is 5/11
Where was thanos
1:00 ????????
Where is the dormammu
What about the villain from doctor strange
Living tribunal Vs beyonder please
Korvac and Eson the searcher were pretty big in Lego marvel superheroes 2 tho.
How about yoda
Doramamu
Where is drax
If Galactus is bigger than Earth why is Ant man bigger than him?
I love it
Where is dormammu
Why is michael jordan there?
I dont understand why Thanos is not included
What about dorumamu
Hulk was 2003 much bigger than 8 ft
What is ft? Por que não usam cm assim como o resto do mundo todo?
Where is the beyonder
So...galactus... the planet eater btw... is 28 ft? Yea imma head out...
Super tengen toppa gurren Lagan number one
You forgot Kronos
Why you guys are judging the height of our beloved marvel heroes?!
Its not how they tall they are
Its that they sacrificed to save the world from thanos
Where is dormammu
Groot is not 23 feet he’s like 9
Where is doormamu
Where is Thanos ?
Where is she getting these facts like wtf
Tom holland spiderman is small i think hes 5'6 or 5'7
why you didn't mention thanos ??
Although thanos strong villain ?
Gallactus is in two list also in top 10 and top 5 but how
Your voice is so sexy girl
She say superman is more powerful than goku
My god, she could not have pronounced the midgard serpent's name any wrong
Why you do not  add dorammu
i never knew hulk hogan was big as heck (BTW where is jorge gonzalez or big show) (ik wwe that much)
Why is a t-rex in marvel
Groot is taller than t-rex?
Peter Parker is 5 10
Wow...i didn't knew  HULKAMANIA will be at this list
Where is dormamu
all this is short
I saw hulk Hogan never knew he was here in marvel. He can probably kill thanos with a few elbow drops
Hi sl made
Where is dormamu
Where is dormamu
Asian elephant ??
Spiderman 6feet ??????watch endgame again
Joe is the biggest though
Whut Exitar hand was bigger than a galaxy
Michael Jordan Is A Superhero?
There is so much wrong with this video
Why is micheal jordan a marvel
Spiderman 6ft? U dumb?
Foot? No no no no
One above all can manipulate his size to universal scale he is a god
Dont search exitar in youtube put marvel after!
I think it is pronounced “your-mun-gan-der”
Where is dormamu?????
Number 1 is one above all
Where is dormamo
All smaller than cas.
Venom
What are you trllinh
Where is captain marvel
Where is Dormamu
Chris Hemsworth is 6,3 but in the movie 6,6??
Also Chris Evans is 6 ft not 6,2
Also Robert Downey J. Is 5,7  not 6,6
Where is ormamu
Who is  Michael jordan
What about super shenron
Why did you add Michael Jordan in
Who is hardest to destroyed
Doormumu ?
hulk hogan in mcu
marvel vs  dragonball- dragonball wins
Wtf 
Where  is dormamu
He ia bigger than galactus
I think u have not read the Dr.Strange issue 48
Surtur
How did you miss The Beyonder!!! 102 million meters in his biggest form ??
Um you do know galactic eats planets right he is not 21 ft tall
Hulk Hogan is in the MCU?????
Omg micheal jacksons superhero movies are the best
Hulk could’ve killed surtur if Thor let him
where is thanos
How does the avengers defeat being way bigger than there planet
Can anyone hep i dont understand inch and ft
Where is dormamu
No beyonder no dormammu no one above all
Where is doremamu
Where is thor
Groot is BIGGER than t-rex????
This is hell
Creeper
Where is doremanu
The   one  above   all
Oblivion>>>>>>>LT
dormamu
Spiderman is taller than vision hahahaha that's impossible.
Bruh why is there micheal jordan and hulk hogan there lol
Galactus isnt that small
so what is the superpower of Michael Jordan?
Your voice so kyoot babe ? ??????
Did this mans say GALACTUS  THE EATER OF WORLDS IS 20 FT 1:23 btw
Why is this so off for example a building is taller than galactus
C A Is taller than IM
Where is dormamu
Galactus is not of 28 foot
Spider-Man is not 6ft Hes 5''10
Where is thanos
Mical Jordan
You're even wrong, galactus must be bigger than ant man, he eats Earth
you forgot cosmic superman i think he is bigger than the multiverse
Where is dormamu
I hate the videos that she makes because she adds things that are not in that category ?????
I am this bored
Yeah I don’t think she knows the difference between basket ball and marvel lmfao
Baby and teen groot ?
Ant man is smallest and biggest
Spiderman is a short guy of 5'9
Not first but ok
Worst Video I’ve seen.
The laugh is the best part ever ??????
You lost me at Spiderman
Hi
Spiderman isn’t 6ft he is 5’10
So bad these arent accurate
At 1:20 it shows Galactus is 28.9 ft and afterwards it shows Galactus is bigger than planets.
Thanos not in list
Pswpa
What , the list is so wrong , groot isnt that tall .
Is it just me? Or did she forget Thanos? xD. Thanos is a little taller than Hulk
Spiderman in mcu is about 5.6 or7
Cruelll sun
Whats with demon(idk his name) from dr strange?
Ur inclusions of random things like buildings and nicks Jordan or hulk hogan is not funny
Hey galactus is way bigger than ant man
I'm not a Marvel expert but some of these heights are wrong. And please add imperial measurements too.
Teri maaya chod ke gai ya Tera bap
Uhhhhhhhhh boring i wish that someone would make a super cool action movie
Trex should be changed by devil dinosaur
Nice
51,000,000 million is bigger than67,000,000 million?
Spider-Man ain’t 6ft and vison ain’t 5ft9
Captain America 6.4ft
Why is Antman not visible, but the wasp is 1 cm? Shouldn't they both be the same size?
I know galactus is bigger than eartg
Why Galactus so small?
Where is thanos
Hulk Hogan wtf
Hulk hogan belongs there
Galactus is bigger than top 5
Beyonder
Where is beyonder
I like hell id believe peter is 6ft.
cm
man... GALACTUS is 28.9ft and Groot is bigger than a T-rex? this list is so wrong
Michael jordan and Hulk hogan just made the list
Baby groot was missing
No entiendo
No complet
Spiderman ain't 6 feet
Tudo errado
Michael Jordan is not a avenger wait he is war machines actor
spiderman is 5.8 ft
Good video
Hulk hogan what.
Galactus is way more big
Doormanu is the biggest in the MCU
https://youtu.be/Bpq9aDLPWZI
wow i did not know the african elephant is in marvel
There is no way Vision is smaller than Spiderman
wer thanos
L
Hulk should be 13 ft tall and Galactus can be any height he can be as big as the earth or bigger but I guess if you use his earth persona
Edit: Oh sorry nevermind you did know, lot of butthurts in the comments acting like they read a comic when she is obviously not referring to mcu
You're not a true marvel fans, because there is no Dormamu inside your video.
Michael Jordon,Hulk Hogan and Asain Elephant was in Marvel? Wow i couldnt find them
Spiderman is 5'7
Living tribunal is big
Is Asian elephant in marvel
Wrong
DC size comparison please
My favourite marvel character is asian elephant.
Wrong af
Calactus is big
Vision is taller than all tyr avengers except the hulk
Galactus is bigger tha earth
Hulk is taller than peppy pig 
Peppy pig is 7'1
Michal
ani 00p
Also I am not joking
I hate these videos because of the sheer lack of brain power put into them but somehow I feel obligated to watch it.
,
Captain america shorter than iron man scares me plus its wrong i saw tony shorter than steve rogers last time
L for da laugh 5:07
Hulkbuster
Bhai galactus Earth se bada hai ant man usse chota hi naki bada
All wrong
You are so wrong
Wtf There WWE Wrestler HulkHogan
Galactus is not that short
And another thing, Galactus is WAY bigger than Ant man and Surter and all who were bigger than him in the comparison.
please don't laugh or giggle like that... its annoying
Hold on... Jordan!!
wait... Hulk Hogan ?
Who is above the living tribunal
Galactus the biggest in the world
Umm excuse me groot is not bigger than a t rex
Galactus is bigger than earth?
Galactus is the biggest
There is no way that groot is bigger than a trex
Groot is not bigger than Hulk!
I'm sorry but spiderman is not 6ft ?
Who is most powerful universe
Legend has it that early comments get a heart ?
How  Michael Jordan and Hulk Hogan , are Marvel characters??
This is not true
Wtf y hulk hogan
Y hulk hogon
Spiderman is not 6 foot.... come on now!!!!
Other than marvel, superman’s true form is bigger then our universe (as per one theory). Also, deadpool’s girlfriend “Death” was also captured by “Mr. Universe” which I think is the part of Marvel universe and wait a sec, where is thanos, I don’t think he could be ignored when it comes to the listing of Marvel universe characters.
J
Can you do one for dc?
Asian elephant really
Doormamu is the biggest
Bhai kuch bhi
Super shenron: Am I an atom to you?
Spiderman is 6ft
Cómo olvidar cuando Michael Jordan peleó con Thanos 0:56
Is Groot THAT bigger than the Hulk??. I'd say groot is about 2 or 3 feet bigger...
Doormau is bigger
Sorry that is an Africa elephant
Please have meters too!
Old subscriber here??
So the tallest person alive is bigger than the hulk....
How is surgery bigger than galactus
No body
Me looking Hulk Hogan : hmmmm something familiar for me
hulk hogan is a wrestler
do you think you can make one of greatest mma fighters of all time
This is a fake and time wasting video no one should subscribe this fake channel
24th!!!
Spidy not 6ft
I love how they just put Michael Jordan in the middle of all those superheroes instead of killmonger lol??
living tribunal is fake....if he is real then why am i not seeing him in the night if he is shiny and that tall
Mad galactus is bigger than surtur
Jj
Michael Jordan is not a marvel character
Ant-Man is not bigger than the galactus
Fake Galactus can eat a planet
JUST LIKE THIS
Make DC universe size comparison including thought robot
Groot is bigger than hulk?!?!
1st 
U confused Living Tribunal with 1 above all
2nd 
Exitar was holding a Galaxy in his hands !!!
Fake comparison
This is fake the onthers are not marvel
False arguments ep 4 supen man prime vs dead sead sentry
Groot is not taller than hulk
The Beyonder and his universe where he is everything compared to our universe is like comparing a single drop of water to the ocean the Living Tribunal is a grain of sand to the earth compared to him
For everyone wondering why Michael Jordan is on the list, he was the villian in the Black Panther movie
And where the hell is THANOS
the living tribunal .. I am the biggest 
oblivion .. I am joke to you...
Why is everyone saying Michael Jordan isn’t in Marvel? He died in endgame. When Thanos did the chicken dance it killed Michael Jordan from the cringe. 
Black panther, captain America, Michael Jordan, Thor...
CAPTAIN AMERICA IS NOT SMAAL THEN IRON MAN
Living tribunal is not largest being in marvel it was the beyonder he is more bigger than the marvel multiverse.
If you think dc characters  is most powerful than marvel-like 
Who copied more?
Who did it better?
MARVEL FANS LIKE!!!
DC FANS COMENTS!!!
My opinion on the best
Movie wise: Marvel 
Bane is absolutely not a copy cat of Crossbones.
Catwoman actually was created in the early 1940’s.
My opinion
Marvel: Movies
6:50 I think the Bible did this one first.
Her: "Me being such a superhero fangirl"
Also Her: Half of the video compares two completely different characters with no similarities whatsoever.
Maybe Marvel didn’t copy dc, dc probably just inspired them
Personally, I'm a fan of both. Ever since I was a kid I fell in love with both the Avengers and Justice League. In my opinion, although Marvel did "copy" many DC characters they did it "better" because their cinematic universe is much stronger than DC's. However, I prefer DC's comics to Marvel's. Both franchises are strong in their own ways, but I feel that DC could use better director's and more famous actors. I mean, if we had someone dope like Hugh Jackman play Batman or someone else really famous and well known, the two wouldn't even be comparable. I'm not saying Marvel is over hyped, but I will admit that DC is under appreciated.
Seriously!? Comparing Joker and the Green Goblin? C'mon
DC: live action solo movies or one off movies, animated movies, tv shows,   video games, comics, and action figures.
Marvel: live action cross over or team up movies.
33-17 :)DC always better than Marvel..One moment Lobo strongest than Wolverine.
By far DC has the best animated movies
Dc arrived first on comic book history
Alot of this ain't even copycats
i was a dc man all my life. Sometime in my 20s i realised how stupid that was. Go Comics! In General!!!
6:53 Lucifer Morningstar from DC
6:42 makes no sense because dc also has their own lucifer even though he's vertigo
04:53:00 AM
It’s BIZZARO!
The S is backwards. 
you can suggest next video at toptenfamousfan page.
https://www.facebook.com/toptenfamousfan
? like for Stan Lee
Elizabeth olsen my favorite???
8:50 she's just too beautiful
They Are mostly 50 yrs old but they look Like 30 or 40
07:15 IS BEST IN MARVEL UNIVERSE ?
1:10 my favourite??
8:49 at pause
Likes for black widow
Elizabeth Olsen ??????
7:35 woww
Samuel L Jackson 70 years ????
7:32 pause.
3:33 I refuse to believe he is that old.
5:57 ohhh yeaaah so saxy
7:02 my favorite
Aquaman looks like kratos from god of war 4 lol.
6:19 is that you freddie mercury?
Ryan Raynolds in:"DCarvel"
1:34,7:50 and 7:55 prettiest woman alive
08:59:00 AM
7:56??????
Miss Stan Lee, the best Avenger
7:32 exchange of body parts
R.I.P Stan Lee :c Ioan Gruffudd was born on my bday!
Like gustin grant, comment Ezra Miller
Like for Scarlett Johansson ?
08:02:00 AM
???????? VS ??????????
8:46 what is different????
8:51 wanda ????????
2:28 no te creo pense que tenia como treinta y algo ese me sorprendio muchisimo no crei que tubiera esa edad
all of them look very young for their age! that's great that means i have hope for my looks at that age  cause that's great yo... they look really young
4:04 don't call him Green lantern call him Deadpool!!
8:52?
Updated: Elizabeth is still Fap material
U all forgot of quick silver?
4:36 cut the check
9:35 my favorite avenger ?
Like for supper girl, wonder woman, captain marvel, and scarlet witch?
4:46 I think they grew a little ??
I remember when Anna P. was a kid! ...and Zoe is 40??? I remember her first role when she was in her late 20's!
7:57 What you're looking for
8:50 shs is very beautiful <3
8:57 ooooooooooooooooooooo........woww
No wayyyyyyyyyyy!!!! Some of these actors/actresses look AMAZING for their age!!!!!!!!!!!
4:30 This guy is avenger his real name is clarance XD
7:56 Amber Heard?
1:48 Pause
Likes for Black Widow
Name: Stan lee
Superhero: the big boss
Age: eternal
3:47 he was actually in a stadium looking cricket match !!!!!!
Scarlett Johansson still my favorite...... love her 07:33
Elizabeth Olsen ????
7:10 ??
Man I don’t see anybody complementing Jessica Alba, she was perfection back then and she is perfection now.
4:29 pause
1:12 Rdj ???
8:38 melissa benoist ?????
Okay i just know that wong has a wong in his real name. My god LOL
Elisabeth olsen and scarleth johansson ??
I don’t know why it made me laugh when cw charters showed up. It’s not even that I don’t like the shows I just wasn’t expecting them I guess. ?
Jessica Alba in that thumbnail made me melt
THEY OLD
Elizabeth olsen is??.
1:10 Love you 3000
3 in a row..start with scarlett johanssn, gal gadot and amber heard <3
The Flash (Grant Gustin) is my favorite??
From where I'm earth does wolverine look 50 years old he looks like he is in his 30s or younger
When you realize Wong is Wong in real life
3:26 lol
1:30 - Nicole Kidman is June 20? So am I!
8:50 like you
04:32:00 AM
Calm down duders
9:35 and 1:10 is my favorite
4:30 what's up with the leotard bruh??
Ok....is this real cos everybody's so old
I saying "WOW" to Queen Atlanta because she is 51 ! BRO ! WTHH and then i watching my gf ahh............
much love for GAL GADOT & ELIZABETH OLSEN
chadwick boseman is 41 WHAT ... ARE YOU JOKING
Almost everyone from Marvel.
1:16 is this a prank?
7:40 7:50 and 9:02 so sexy
Heimdall=Idris Elba
Thor=Chris Evans
Wong=Wong
??????
7:47 ??
Chadwick Boseman being 41 surprised me
Hit like for 
1) chris hemsworth
2) henry cavill
3) chris evans
Samuel l jackson
69 yrs old
What a legend ???
At 4:00 I was like, WHY TF NOT DEADPOOL, and at 4:10, lets just say I cussed happily
7:49 pause
4:19 pause
51,42,36,28,26 then there’s Tom Holland sitting at 22
7.19 my favourite thor
Elizabeth olsen my favorite.
And Thor’s birthday is in August 11 and my dads birthday is in August 11!
Scarlett johansson is still my best. So adorable ???
Oh my father young i think
6:00 look at her than and look at her now
08:53:00 AM
They look young. ?
Jessica Alba: I love you forever
I’m simple when I see scarlet witch I click the video
Wonder woman, her beauty is Extremely wow.??
Melissa ??
8:57 so pretty
My fav
9:12 My Favourite
Elizabeth Olsen?
1:07 Best in MCU
when i saw iron man i thougth R.I.P
Had to stop it! The music was driving me bananas
1:23 why does storm look like maze?
I was waiting for Tom Holland and yet he is the last person in the video?
Chris evens is 37 what!!!
0:34 BOI IMMA BOUTTA GET YO CONE HEADASSS
Ben Affleck in The role of Batman??????
7:56 mera ? amber
Scarlet johanson is 1981 and wtf chadwick boseman that old he look so young
06:01:00 AM
When u realize mark ruffalo is actually older than wong...
I like how Wongs name is actually Wong
Scarlett Johansson and Elizabeth Olsen WOW.......
They are my favourite MCU Heroes
1:12 tony stark aka RDJ
7:22SIF?????
Scarlet witch the best:)
7:35 and 8:42???
Ben Affleck also once played a Marvel character which is Daredevil
7:55 what ?
2:50 ???? ???? ???? ???? ????
7:58 but how??
I'm 26 I wish if a reach my 40s a look like chadwick Boseman at 41 and Falcon both brotha age well ??
Elisabet olsen la Amo
9:05 captain marvel
Great video! Just wondering, what the name of the song you used for this video? Thanks in advance!
5:05 Aquaman ?
Robert Downey Jr , Tom holland and Gal Gadot
Thank you stan lee?
Seems like how lucky is vision that he have elizabeth olsen in the movie.?
7:55????
1:22 they just put.a face on it
08:52:00 AM
Aquaman ??
I love this beat who made it and what's it called 
wow i didn’t know that flying in space without a helmet is cgi
I didn't know that the captain marvel scene in space was cgi. I literally thought they filmed it in sPaCe. says sArCaStIcAlLy
Mean while in the DC Universe:
can't even CGI erase a mustache
Marvel: "Yeah flying in space was CGI"
CBR: "We've been tricked, we've been backstabbed, and we've been quite possibly, bamboozled."
I can't watch this with that voice over. Dude sounds exaggerated like a childrens toy commercial mixed with keanu reeves from Bill and Ted's excellent adventure.
Wait what!!
Hulk and iron man was CGI??
Wow.
Didn’t know.
Wait both Hulk AND Ironman were cg? Man wTf??!
Wait, they CGI'ed the part where they went into the quantum realm? Man, I thought it was real. !!!!
05:17:00 PM
Oh. So Robert Downey jr wasn’t hovering in an Ironman suit in that shot?
"The only thing their armor protects from is a... censor."
6:34 "I wanna talk to the CGI manager!"
Loki: god of hammers ??????
Lmaoooo imagine having to use cgi hair ?
Because we didn’t know a image of a woman breathing in space isn’t real
Next video: What Tony Starks moustache actually means
wtf? I thought pretty much every scene in marvel shows was cgi.
4:38 Love the fact that they didn't even mention Sean Gun crawling around on the floor. I mean I'm sure most people know or have realized by now that he's playing Rocket but still, it looks hilarious and deserves to be mentioned.
CBR: Loki "God of Hammer's". 
That was funny CBR.
I always tought every thing were true in movies
Ugh, another "looper accent" clone video
When are they going to make the earlier versions of Thanos in the MCU look like and sound like he did in Infinity War and Endgame?
I came here just to see Brie Larsons beautiful face
15 marvel movie scenes 
next 
Well thanks 'david' now i can't even look at loki without try to see did they do their job right by smooth that 'hammer' from him? damn it?
'15 Marvel Movie Scenes You Didn't Know Were CGI.'
(Thumbnail shows a Scene, that was Obviously CGI.)
4:39 - that one guy down there tho lol xD
Wait...So they weren’t really in space
imagine being the small body model for captain america: his real body is basically used to portray an inferior body
In some years, Actors also won't be needed. All CGI
really no one didnt´know that the quantum silly suits were CGI?
I have no life I know all of these this thing called YouTube chose me it because I watched it almost all day
There, thats my entire childhood.... ?
Woah I'm way too early let me get back on BPT
15:12 that awkward moment when a bad joke gets that wierd silence.
15 Marvel Movie Scenes You Didn’t Know Were CGI and shows you Batman who is a DC character......
I didn't expect brie Larson near a planet many light years away a CGI
In reality, Tony Stark can't do all those fight moves with those armors on cause his range of movement would be heavily restricted.
oh I was thinking that was made with VFX
Wow! I never would have known that there was cgi in marvel or dc movies. Never would have guessed that.
6:47 Oh my god!
The first iron man movie makes me really confused between CG and real on many shots XD
04:39 , and you'll see rocket hahah
0:38 Saitama, Vegeta, And Goku
Uh yeah, I think we all know they used CGI to use the de-aging scenes.
they've been lying to me this whole time...
Watching this and realizing how much I liked Captain Marvel's hair and boom,I should have not watched this video
Uh, who cares if her suit hadn't changed? Oy.
The Kurt Russel and Michael Douglas ones are my favourite.I literally cant tell they  have effects applied to them.De aging has come along way from when they did it for xmen last stand.
in Infinity War, the scene where Tony is standing outside of New York and pulls the strings before tapping on his chest piece is COMPLETELY CGI. They didn't even film it. Everyone's face and body, as well as the building in the backdrop, are all CGI
me: watches one utube vid bout CGI 
also me, pshhh ask me anything... m n expert
Ok anyone else see what I see at 2:40
Her as was doubled, come on ?
Congratulations you've been CGI'ed
6:01 Captain Marvel was just as I suspected: CGI super suit to make it APPEAR that Brie Larson was hot. When she actually wasn't!!! We were all misled to believe that "only Brie Larson has The Body" but now the truth is revealed. So boys, you can rest assured that your lady friend(s) are way better people than any fucking film star.
Yugiho and Saitama are avengers too huh ?
this video is way over produced. I couldn't get through it.
Disney produces propoganda, not artwork... Remember that, next time you give them your hard earned dollar.
Robert Downey Jr: "Sprains ankle"  Robert Downey Junior Stunt Double: I am inevitable.  Robert Downey Jr: I am... Ironman
I can only imagine how happy that guy was at 4.37-4.40 who was on all fours standing in for Rocket Raccoon .
Well some scenes I thought with CGI screen, wasn’t with it. But scenes with CGI screen, I though it’s real. Wow ?
I love this comment section! so positive!
You are perfect as always
I have friends and family that worked behind the scenes of some of the movies discussed here.
11:20 uhhhh thanos broke the forge on nidavellir
was Thor looking in a mirror? cuz i i noticed how the eye patch in one scene was on his left. and then, the patch was put onto the right side.
Nani!?
More effects
Thor may be the god of thunder, but Loki had the hammer! ??
Yeah, ummmm.... The Rock ways 260 lbs.
(That's true, you can look it up.)
Looks great and CBR is nothing without his voice
I would never do the disappearing helmet thing. Except maybe for characters who can make things disappear anyway.
Loved how Goku got there.
Im early
Ahh the shade thrown at Batman was sleek
Maybe CGI the actors too while you're at it from the next time...saves a lot of trouble. :)
no, we knew.
we didnt know that a person to be in space wihout a spacesuit is cgi
Ya gotta love the magic of movie making.
I swear like 25% of the video was scenes and the rest was just examples of times they used cgi
Mostly from the title..."NO"...?????????
You mean to tell me that Brie Larson wasn't actually in space?
I knew the Iron Man Jr movies were CGI
3:56 is a deleted scene
why was there a skull trooper? 0:36
Don't you dare tell me  Larson didn't went to space.
I’m surprisingly early
saitama???
Why batman this is marvel not DC
bloody brilliant...
Wrong suit in thumbnail
I guess YOU didn't!
Pretty sure tbh at this point, Marvel is Stark Industries.
what do you mean by 'you'?
Really cool on the de-aging with Sam Mf. Jackson, RDJ, Arnold Schwarzenegger and now Will Smith. Maybe, if they do this with George Clooney, he'll stop making old jokes about himself
Talking about being "Assembled" in CGI..
I am hoping for the information of the people the use and how did they use it?
vegeta ngapain nangkring di opening?
marvel x anime?
James Elsworth @9:24
Some of these were unnecessary cgi
was spawn CGI'd?
lah kok itu ada si goku wkwk
Eh marvel movies are 99% cgi, only the actors are sometimes real.
I love learning about how movies are made, I don't know why
Shout out to pinewood in my own backyard  of FAYETTEVILLE, GEORGIA NOT Atlanta
Ya.
We did.
How was Cats so bad again?
Non sense, So much talk
plus, what if an actor, an elderly actor, hasn't done any past films? how would they go about de-aging them then?
Holy crap, de-aging with computer tech is CGI?????  WHO WOULDA THUNK!!
These videos 30% content and 70% CRAP
Those trash behind spidey @ 3:30 were CG. LOL.
Goku?
what is, Bri's carrereers for 1000 alex.
Spiderman is my favorite!!!
Interesting
My like made it 4k
Second comment
I just assumed Brie Larson was nothing but CG
Amazing did not know that they cgi Tom Hiddleston crotch like that in marvel movies funny ?fantastic job the video
This video is all over the place
I thought hulk was real
Wtf lol
Justin Timberlake is far from past his time. He is a legion and will forever be awesome
Really? Hulk was drawn in? You mean that wasn’t the real hulk in that shot?
I knew that weave was fake
Link on "not cgi" article lollll
Nothing good came from Ironman 3
Even hair is CGI...,Wow...
Fake news I’m unsubscribing good bye
85
The tried to CGI the bulldike out.
Yeah because humans can fly in space
Loki god of hammers
you mean 15 marvel movies scenes you didnt know were real.
Maybe Kree make clothing that last.
Wouldn't some Fisherman's net just drag up Tony's arc reactor? Or would a scuba diver get it?
CBR. What if happy hogan becomes the new grandpa of Parker and we lose him in a tragic event and it will go down the same as the old version with uncle Ben I mean they have a resemblance and I feel like I’ve been connected with happy long enough don’t u think he will have a huge impact I think so
Great
I wanted to finish this video, can't stand his voice more than 2 mins
13:50 - 14:00   Whattttt? that tiny Wasp sized Evangeline Lilly is actually CGI ? I thought actually Evangeline Lilly  was pressed down in an Hydraulic press to that size.
 CBR you really enlighten people around the world!!!
.
watching those movies without CGI must be funny and ridiculous, killing of the fame and their actor career
I taught spiderman was a cgi...
Good video but you talk way too much, and most of what you're saying is nonsense !
Obvilious or peeps blind
Dude
Best practical fx go to Trump's barber. Best CG goes to every pouty profile pic
Wasting money
Lol all these scenes were obviously cgi... who you foolin boi..
This video is terrifying
Queen Brie had a butt double and a stunt double, why not a hair double? Or an acting double?
Who
You mean VFX not CGI
Since when are apples Orange? Also cart can be used for any fruits or vegetables.
Do tell
You forgot hulk
Captain Marble the queen of ball busters universe she don't need no man 
In my opinion they wasted an entire movie on her and they are still trying to force feed her unwanted character off to the MCU fans regardless of how much we don't want her going as far as buying all the Captain Marble movie tickets to try and make people think that everyone else likes her so should we but naa I'll pass on that character now and forever so now they are trying to push her off on the star wars fan base just to be able to fulfill a contract that they should not have agreed to and I hope that 5 million bucks she got for 1 movie is for all 6 they've signed Brie to or they got robbed
Captain Marvel didn,t arrive to late to stop  Thanos . She was called to late to do anything about it  , Huge difference .
16:47 - SLIGHTLY MORE AWKWARD? WHAT?
This shot is AMAZING, shut up man
Hi
too much talk
and then it have ppl out here bashing wwe for being "fake"
Great video
circus for big bucks...
deepfakes used in movies
Wait.  RDJ sprained his ankle and 6 weeks later they figured out to use a double?  Wtf?  6 weeks wasn't long enough for RDJ to get off a sprained ankle?  It took over 6 weeks?  Lol
reply with the longest "bruh" train
15 Marvel Movies Scenes I don't care about. Disney has killed the MCU for me :(
I don't know, maybe I really am a genius since I can actually tell all of them are CGI. I guest my brothers and friends are super genius then, since I am perfectly aware that I am the dumbest among them.
Homer's almost completely bald that's a sign of old age.
ALL shots in marvel movies are CGI
Naic video
Scary
It was a Cartoon
I watched this without sound. Because the voice over is so annoying. It didn’t make any sense.
How many times have I requested no suggestions from this channel?
the younger Rogers was CGI? all of him?
Black panther looks big with suit, like a school kid otherwise!... when face is covered everything is CG and movie magic.
So Brie Larson needed an ass stunt double and her hair CGI’d ... Too bad she didn’t get that much needed brain ? transplant
???
Cgi looks great!
bla bla bla
No "ace in the hole", just a gaping hole.
cbr please change the narrater's voice its literally so annoying cant take it anymore
Lol the picture accompanying this post with Larson in a harness next to her flying in space which read 15 Marvel Scenes you didn’t know were CGI is too funny. How many people were like “wait, so she wasn’t really flying in space?” ???
DeepFake
About the Wasp, her getting suddenly tiny then big, of course, OBVIOUSLYYYY, needless to say it is CGI!!!!!! Why am I not sooooo surprise about this one. Viewers are not stupid to not know that this is CGI! You are STUPID to include this to "you didn't know were CGI"
Can CGI her face? She isn’t pretty..
Hi
Can you do a video explaining who would be the next big bad
I think brie marvel look great with the short hair in Endgame
Captain Marvel is a trash movie
Well they should have used better cgi on scarlett Johansson because she looks older in the recent films even though it is realistic but she looks older than her age
Was Brie larson’s personality CGI
You mean Captain Marvel, the most poorly made, fakest "strong" Marvel hero was predominantly CGI?! Including Bree Larsons butch haircut replaced with women's hair, which is usually fake in African American ladies most of the time?! No way that horrid plot, actress, and any scene involving her was fake!!!
It's pretty sad that these actors get paid socially irresponsible money to pretend to be something their not.
Faking is good if Americans made but keep pointing to others.
Wow so if marvel 99% cgi. I bet chris evans just sit in the corner and his stuntman doing his job. I mean *cough when camera footage wasnt around.
I fell asleep after an hour or so
Rip iron man????
Can't blame Scorcese, its all too much to take in...no hate intended ??
It’s visual affects how hard is it to get it
but still they cant cgi capt marvel's butt
Its a shame they couldn't CGI a smile on that wooden face of Brie Larson's
CGI make me see movies like cartoonish. Worst movies ever since everything except actors are replaced by computer drawings.
ya captian marvel in space i dont know it was cgi
I have never read a CBR.com article that looked like the author has ever read the comic in question they are writing about case and point "5 DC character hulk could beat and 5 he couldn't"  My "favorite" (sarcasm) was how Superman would beat Hulk ie just take him to space and knock him out. The hulk can survive better than superman in space. Hulk can survive in zero environments. His body adapts and did in the past...didn't you so-called comic experts ever read the start of planet hulk? NO you guys didn't.  In fact the exact technique you suggested Superman use was tried by Gladiator. A guy who has the exact same powers as Superman and is arguably stronger, faster and definitely a better fighter than Superman. He tried flying Hulk in space didn't work. He used heat vision didn't work. He got his butt beat. You guys don't have a comment area in your articles I imagine to prevent people from exposing your lack of knowledge.  
Someone should tell Christian Bale that he doesn't need to go through massive changes in body mass for his roles any more.
Spiderman is not CGI...thats a lie
Captain marvel is using the girl filter on Snapchat
Yea I absolutely never thought Captain America couldn't fly around without a O2 tank
you are not funny
Marvel is all cgi sooooooooo
its disgusting to know that even hairs of a lady is a CGI
why couldnt i see this level of fakeness while watching movies but in this video
I didn't watch MCU movies they are all CGI junk.
She has no  Acting talent her movie was extremely boring. It only got a billion dollars because of hype. Anyway the movie was terrible so boring just like the new Avengers movie it was so boring most of the movies 80% of the movie was just talking talk talk talk talk talk . And then near the very end is when they started doing action and then the very starting in the movie. Most of captain Marvel was the same way mostly talk. Terrible so boring. 
00:00 X-Men: The New Mutants
Daniel Radcliffe holding up the guns: I'm telling you Ron! These things are better than wands!
the new mutants looks like a horror movie not kidding
does the audio cut out a lot for anyone else?
Daniel Radcliffe in the thumbnail is what got me here.
If this is what's coming out in 2020 I will be saving a lot of money on going to see movies.
Mr Radcliffe is growing to be a wicked actor.
That movie with Daniel Radcliffe is basically him just trying to put on his pants lmao probably still gonna watch it tho
I thought "antlers" was gonna be blair witch
It’s the end of the world and they are the new Adam and Eve restating civilization
Let's be honest, we all came to see if the thumbnail was not just a meme
If this is the "TOP" of 2020, I'll wait till 2021 thanks.
Did a movie just use a screenshot of Rotten Tomatoes as a marketing point ?
Really ???
A really good list of films there, but none that really make me want to drag my ass to the cinema, so it'll be home viewing
17:44  Hogwarts took a turn for the Worst after Voldemorts' passing
Was i the only one that dident hear stuf for a min
Prediction: the cop in antlers dies a horrible death
-Marvel logo: appears
-Me: Oh shit, here we go again...
its hard to choose which one is the most boring.
We focus on the increasing trends of mental illness and suicide in society and collectively analyze their causal relationships in collecting and analyzing victim information. It is a situation in which the cause of the disease cannot be identified other than being pathologically similar to a developmental disorder, and the patient feels even spiritual. Please check the website for details. 
You think those construction workers could've put barricades around the manhole?
someone at pixar is seriously obsessed with death
Pixar before: Fun stuff for kids
Pixar now: Death
Alternate title: Outside In.
At last, the truth is revealed, we are souls piloting bone mechs with meat armor.
“Is all this living worth dying for?” sums up all of my existentialistic nihilism I lay awake thinking about
2:10 Paula: "No child left behind. No child left behind. No child left behind"
Inside out: "what if feelings had feelings"
This: "what if souls had feelings"
I have a theory:
Before Joe taught music in New York, he came from a school in San Francisco where a young student with five emotions just recently moved in.
Plot twist:
that's why people hoarding toilet papers
At this point it’s safe to believe onward was a filler Pixar film
I've been waiting for another great Pixar's movie and this could be it
Pixar: What if toys had feelings
Pixar: What if cars had feelings 
The visuals are like Inside Out crossed with the concept of death from Coco.
I...
Pete Doctor in 2015: What if feeling have feelings?
Pete Doctor in 2020: What is souls have souls????
0:15 "Hi, I'm Joe!"
"Joe Who?"
"Im not afraid to die but afraid to live until death" Sizzla Kalonji
This is so sad
He can’t taste or smell pizza
Alright Disney, you can have more of my tears
I was hoping this would be a movie about death, but boy are my expectations exceeded. I’m beyond excited for this.
The animation is amazing and impressive in the movie
"im Joe"
Women: Joe who?
I love how Pixar's new mission is to educate kids on real life's themes like emotions and death. Ididn't like Inside Out and probably won't like this one (exept for the visuals which are CRAZY), but I appreciate it nonetheless.
I love the 2D look from the higher-ups in the soul world. Pete Docter's one of my favorite directors from Pixar and he can do no wrong.
This feels like Pixar, Onward felt like DreamWorks.
Pete Docter is a legend.
Can't wait for this movie.
?Inside Out + Coco = Soul?
Finally something delicious.
Disney/pixar: we are original
"Dreams": excuse me?!
1:11 is that RICHARD AYOADE
This cartoon allows us to imagine the other world,which we sometimes want to see!!
02:16:00 AM
"Huh"
I felt that.
The most family friendly thing Disney could do for the guys death is him falling in the manhole. Just wow
I feel like I just watched the whole movie Pixar you showed to much lol just like all the trailers today do
Is it just me or has Disney gone to dark side of the force.
Don't know how this is gonna keep the kids interested...
Pixar: let’s make a movie about death 
The crew: YES that’s what we wanted
I’ve been waiting for a real trailer for this movie.. so I’m beyond excited there’s finally a trailer
This is gonna be a masterpiece 
This trailer is edited by tom holland
And mark ruffalo
LOL!!!  Love it!
Lmao, I m dying ?
???
Dev Sarswat haha hahahaha THAT IS SOOOO FUCKING FUNNY WHEEZE ??????
Dev Sarswat ??
There's another twist
Underated comment
Bloodshot so does your mom : )
@Bloodshot the only one who sucks is the guy who never actually watch the movies to make an actual criticism. 
"Nobody dies in the mcu"
Is it just me, or did they just show us the whole movie?
Only thing left to see now are the credits.
When u can regenerate from wounds but can’t generate hair
This is not that distant from his Dominic Toretto characters power levels.
Sony: Makes Bloodshot
Eminem: Makes Killshot
DC- Makes Deadshot.
Murray- Got Shot
If you told me this was another fast and furious movie, I wouldn't bat an eye
How much of the story do you want shown in the trailer? 
Sony: Yes
This movie was great!
Why didn’t they drop a trailer tho??????
He’s an actual super being in this movie, but he’s doing the same shit that Toretto does in fast ????
Wtf this trailer is the longest Spoiler I've ever watched
Relax, Vin Diesel is just playing Vin Diesel in this movie...just like Dwayne Johnson does in his....
A man with an idyllic family life is violently murdered only to be brought back to  life at the behest of a sinister corporation.
How many times are they gonna remake robocop?
This trailer took showing the whole movie to a new level
Có ng??i VN nào ? ?ây không.
Marvel: Puts fake scenes in trailer to avoid spoilers.
Sony:Puts the whole story to avoid the movie
Behen ke lund ne poori movie to trailer me dikhadi. Inki maa ka bhosda.
I've never seen a movie that was just 2 minutes long before
“I’ve got unfinished business” 
Drives head on in to an 18 wheeler
I wish The Astounding Wolf-Man was made into a movie 
Which movie are you most looking forward to?
YouTube’s getting too comfy with this 2 ad thing.
i will miss toni stark character in the upcoming movies
I'm hyped for Black Panther 2
WAKANDA FOREVER
Instead of genderswapping  characters, can't they just introduce new female characters?
Even though Sony has the movie rights to Spiderman, Disney owns the character. In my opinion, Disney should be able to use him in any MCU movie.
Thor getting his 4th movie
Meanwhile happy is getting none
The only ones I’m looking forward too on this list are Spider-Man 3,Guardians of the galaxy Vol 3,and fantastic 4 movie
When it is said that the parent company is unhappy with the final product, i wonder if the overhaul then really could get better or were put under creative restrictions. I was looking forward to the New Mutants, now i am rather sceptical.
who else is hyped 4 black widow
How about a Juggernaut movie.
with a grin on the face Thanos raised a gloved hand to snap his fingers ...
- Where is my dog? - He heard behind his back the displeased voice of John Wick.
Thanos stop, his smile froze and sweat appeared on his forehead ...
The cast will include Charles Xavier ???
Thor: Love & Thunder, Dr. Strange and The Multiverse of Madness, Black Widow, and Falcon & The Winter Soldier
I’m not looking forward to Thor love and thunder, Thor is my favourite character and I will miss him very much
1:48 is that connie from the walking dead!
For me X MEN UNIVERSE i can't wait to see DEADPOOL in X MEN
"The cast will include Charles Xavier"?
I am looking forward to the ETERNALS , Thor The new avengers , dark avengers , guardians galaxy vol2 , X-men
I want the sinister 6 for Spider-Man!! Make it happen already
Doctor strange 2....that is what I'm talking about
Is Patrick Stewart just Charles Xavier now? He doesn’t get his real name?
Because Stan Lee has passed away ?? we are soon going down hill. I’m gonna miss this decade
It’s pronounced Yo-ann gri-ph-y-dd(dd=phone buzz)
Avengers: A New Start?
Can’t wait
im mostly hyped for black widow, dr. strange and the multiverse of madness, wandavision on disney+ and the eternals
Suprised they didn't mention "X-Force" which is being made.
EYYY, MY BOY JIM HOPPER IS GONNA APPEAR IN A MOVIE BY MARVEL
With all the "MARVELous" identity politics going on here - when can we expect to see a mentally handicapped gay male Black Widow?
always the best, always in my hearth, live long Marvel universe, live long in ours hearts
The next Spider Man movie comes out July of 2021.
I'm willing to bet New Mutants never gets released.
I am   very excitement for mcu phase 4 
1. Black Widow
2. The Eternals 
3. Sang chi and the legend of the ten rings 
6:39 They say comedy is a gift and buddy you have it.
I love!!! These new movies i just hope  that they can do it earlier. In the BLADE movie these are the actors i hope to play as blade ICET ICECUBE WILLSMITH.
I'm so excited to watch this with BB LOU
The hype is over 9000...
10:48:00 AM
FYI, his name is not Charles Xavier... it's Patrick Stewart, just to let you know. ^_^
If we get more xmen I'm getting excited.
Theres only like 10 movies coming out in 2020-2022, so this video is clickbait
So many movies ,Venom with Spiderman ??? ,and Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness ???????
i almost completely forgot about New Mutants and it’s 2 days before my birthday :D
I really want to see more of Bucky
Doctor Strange!!!!!!! This will really make my day!!!!
Shang chi alright my oriental going to be right always want to see that
Some wonkiness at the end of this video.
Crappy click baited Nothing NEW, Old stuff
Can't wait to see some of these movies!!
Honestly Im mostly exited for the new Black Widow movie and The Falcon and the Winter Soldier series....
So these are the TOP 15, does that   mean that there are more than 15?
I am looking forward to The Female version of Into the Spiderverse now! Even though, she has been a really popular version except the years she had the spotlight in the comics, Julia Carpenter has always been my favorite Spider-Woman!
I'm looking for forward for Marvel vs mortal Kombat Cs Street fighter. Starring Lela Star, Pinky June, Sofie Reyez
James mcevoy isn’t in the new mutants tho ?
What about the amazing Spiderman 3
Will Keanu Reeves be in the MCU
if Multiverse of Madness is the main thing of Phase 4, I am expecting Dormamu..
Be interesting to see if the all-female Spiderverse film can break the all-female reboot curse.
I cant wait to see new Thor movie
Is there a tracklist for the backgroudn music ?
I hope Storm ? will be in the next Black Panther and if not I hope that they at least show her as a more powerful mutant in the X men movies and explore more into her powers because she is a very powerful mutant ?
"Charles Xavier"...?? That's Patrick Stewart!! Wtf.... :P
I love how the black widow title has a deviant art watermark on there ??
??????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????
4:16 vampire hunter 
I thought wolverine was a vampire hunter
This is so stupid that we need to wait 2 years for 1 movie time should be shorter
Was looking forward to the amazing spiderman 3 but not gonna happen why i went off marvel
That last set of four actors you mentioned Charles Xavier. Will he be playing Patrick Stewart?  
Am I the only one who thinks that the rock should play the thing
LOL at 10:50 Cast will include Professor Xavier, I didn't know he was an actor!
Marvel need solid characters like Hugh Jackman,Robert Junior etc. 
They have new  younger popular actors but without strong  physic  or personality it won’t work.
There is no reason anymore to watch X man without volvorine ,it is boring with new X generation
"The cast includes Charles Xavier"
Would love to see Hercules
Who’s gonna be sersi
I wanna see black Widow and the new docter strange in 2021 im so hyped
9:34 thats Michael Shannon not bek smith+
They need a new ghost rider
Is anyone even looking forward to the new (and supposed) Thor movie?
Yay meow she Thor snuggle her mine
It would be cool if namor the submariner was the bad guy in black panther2
Uh I think he forgot Morbius!?
I wanna se DC compete with this
I just want to see a Moon Knight film. Right?!?
Also Black Widow, Dr Strange & Wanda, Panther 2, Spidey 3...ah hell, I’ll probably watch all of em.
I really hope Marvel will venture through Animated Films and make real movies out of Naruto,Slam Dunk,Kuroko and Ippo Makonouchi ,though Superhero movies are good but a little movie animated adaptation could be a little exciting at times.
Was that an audio crash at the end
Taika wa TiTi ??
Miles will be in phase five ?
Waiting for gotg3 and doc2
what black widow thats freaking awsome see if they would of stole my songs i would of had songs for all this new movies but thankx to gog creating haters the real artist gets held back love lit
4:23 What's up w/that spin?! Hahaha Snipes was the man. Looking for to Ali's rendition.
Everyone seems to forget how hard Marvel use to bomb out with their movies. Daredevil, Elektra etc. It's like they just don't exist coz they were that bad
Love marvel!! Clicked on this video so fast LOL keep doing you!!!
Rogue absorbed Carol!!! no more Captain Marvel yay!!!
Phase 5 looks incredible
Wait i though marvel owner stan died
Yesss 
spider verse 2
SPOILER ALERT
-
Black Widow’s dead-
Bruh why u changing the races and sexes of 2 of the Eternals that so stupid ????
looking forward to black widow, GotG, both spider-man, and doctor strange. 
im unsure about Eternals, Shang Chi, spider woman, or blade.
Bruce Lee- Chou- Shang Chi
X-MEN IS SKUNT
BLADE without Wesley?
Thats like JOHN WICK without Keanu  Reeves.
Or, TERMINATOR without Arnold.
And IRON MAN without R. Downey.
sees thumbnail well this guy clearly didn’t watch endgame
Why do you have a picture of micheal Shannon when youre talking about bek smith?
there’s this movie about a kid that’s from south chicago and i saw an add of it on youtube and i don’t know what it’s called?
I just still can’t and don’t want to realise that all X-Men are just gone. I wanted to see so much more of Quicksilver, Cyclops etc ?? I don’t want "The new Mutants", I want the old Mutants ??????
You missed deadpool 3
What about the Wandavision?. I really want to have Scarlet Witch her own Movie, wish Marvel will give her own.
Guardians of galaxy 3 should be named asguardians of the galaxy
I love Marian Faces characters !
Bring back The Silver Surfer
Mcu cinematic universe.
come on men  we have pride,.
Hey youtube stop with the ads....please
venom 2???
Still....no Sub-mariner!
Avenger series will be real fact in future.
I am seriously interested in a experiment im going to say something negative about marvel and see how many of my fellow millennials decide to argue and about it 
Oh goody just what we need....captain Mary Sue in a sequel ?....she made money, but that does not mean people like her, especially now.
12:49:00 AM
In my opinion Spiderman: Far from home  is the start of phase 4.
Like if you agree
I want a Falcon movie.......nuff said.......
Well done bro
what ever characters MCU creates is not problems. but i miss IRON MAN bro
Any movies coming out before July 13, 2019
thumbnail BLACK WIDOW shes dead
The only movie I am interested in is Guardians of the Galaxy 3.
Will deadpool enters avengers
no mention of  Wanda vision
Silver Surfer anyone?
Marvel show some pitty over iron man
The thing is its 5/3/20 and theres still no black widow
How cool would a THANOS Origin Story be?!?!
some of this i think aint part of the mcu
Funny you should mention that black panther won awards when there were so many way!!!!! WAY!!!!!!! Better comic book movies, oh because it's all black cast oh ok I'm good with that
iron man com back from the Multi furs
so, is Gamorra gone for Guardians Galax 3?  She was not seen in extreme Ending of Avengers Endgame, at the Funeral scene and when Thor was on Starlord's ship.
black widow hit captain marvel2 flop-my prediction
how can hercules be counterpart of thor ?
I wait for Spyder Man 4
Enough with the comic book stuff...how about some real sci fi?
Guardians and Black Panther only films of interest here!
Charles Xavier stars???l
?Not interested! We already know they have a bigger Agenda.
cant wait cool
I would love to see a proper Nova movie, from the original comics. Modern comics don’t know what to come up with so all they can do is gender swap or mess with the characters sexuality or ethnicity. Bad mistake They should make new heroes instead.
10:48 he s aid it would star Charles Xavier instead of Patrick Stewart
Hulk also needs his own movie to ,right ?
Hey no first here nice
Venom!!!!!!YES??????????????????
cool venom 2 yes
Loki?
A very slow death for the mcu if it gets too woke
I want to see a second daredevil
Actually Star Wars is worth 42 billion...
Really tired of comic book stuff...
I do not think its a good idea to cast someone who isn't Wesley Snipes as blade
No more Avengers movie?
I'm so happy to have you extol all this new crap; but until Iron Man, Thor, CA, Hulk, and others are back, I'll wait -- both me and my ticket money -- until you come to your senses.  And you can take any female-Thor and shove her up your -- you know.  And that stupid Captain Marvel -- same thing; I've watched the 1st movie a few times -- she's still not a small fraction of Tony Stark/Iron Man/Robert Downey Jr.  I'm not anti-female -- absolutely loved the New Wonder Woman!!!
as soon as they add Jolie ; no thanks , not going
I love the new spiderman movie
If hammer give power st regather Thor and Thor beat hulk with out magic weapon. Hurdles big bad go femal Thor will more powerful Thor hulk combined?
Strangely, they DIDN'T say that Tom Hardy will return as Broc. Is this a slip up or intentional?
Miss wolverine so much
Look forget all those movies give us a hulk film and well be ok
fun?
Too bad about the mcu/song Spider-man drama.
omg I have a movie idea what if they have a female Black Widow movie.
il faux avoir de nouvaux super hero
Isnt't Spiderman is with both MCU and SONY?
We are connected
Loki movie ??
Christian Bale is in Thor 4 y'all
Deadpool 3
Here is my list 
For phase 5 
February 2022 Guardians of the Galaxy vol 3
May 6th 2022 black panther 2
Mistakes
1. Michelle Williams' character, Anne Weying, is Eddie Brock's ex-fiancé, not his ex-wife.
2. Fox's X-Men universe is not expanding rapidly, as they have lost the rights to produce any more Marvel movies.
Cool
I need a remake of Ghost Rider, just because it's so edgy. Nick Cage should still play the role but with more mental break downs.
Captain merval sabse ghatiya film hai.
I clicked fast as litteral lightning
If the FF movie is another reboot, count me out.  I want to see adventures of the FF that is beyond just another origin story. BTW, how man origin stories and reboots of these characters are we going to see?  Come on, its ridiculous.
Will iron man return huh? ?? ?? .. ..
Morbius? Where's morbius?
What about Vision?
Cottonmouth
how about mobius
Female Thor...? Ergh... Why though...?
Makkari is a man not a woman ????
Jaded character Angelina Jolie !
is thore ganne die
Wow
How about morbius
Oh, joy. The Eternals features post-wall women. That'll work. Sure. 
Sigh.
He called Patrick Stewart Charles Xavier?
I will take them all... ???
The only reason im here bc so i can see if there is spiderman movie
Yay, more Fantastic 4 movies after the last reboot failed utterly and  completely....a female Thor move, joyous.....more CPT Marvel, can hardly wait....Blade reboot!?!?! Oh wait, select a guy who is less than half the size of the character Blade and hope for the best....
I’m afraid a lot of these films will be out of the range of my life force I’m hoping I’m wrong so many of these films I might not see but I hope I will be here to see them?.
Nobody can do blade like wesley
how about hulk
Top trending:guardians of the galaxy will be released in may 6 2022
Me:no that's black panther 2
Please Ghost Rider too!!!!!!!
imo Michael B. Jordan should have been the next blade. somehow he fits the profile with his personality!
Yay
They better come up with a better name than female thor
Guardian's of the galaxy and black widow is the only ones that I can see not being complete trash and what is with all the gender swapping of characters? Are people so incapable of creating a strong female characters they have to change the genders of male character's? Do people no longer have the ability to write a story of interest
X-men will be better if Disney will manage it
How can that crap be worth quite SO MUCH money?
Not that it does not cost a lot of effort a d work to make those movies or that people would not love hero/super villain movies. But as far as story and character writing goes with that much screen time they did very little in comparison to many much more thought out movies.
"captain marvel landed with a bomb"??? You mean it bombed
Black Panther 2 comes out on May 6th, 2022
Marvel is so successful and hot property that they have a HUGE problem and maybe a growing one.
Their problem/dilema is when and how to slot in the next sequel of a very very successful character as well as finding a vacant spot for new main characters/franchises. 
didnt black widow die??
This movie will  bomb  in the box office
Nooo...blade without wesley snipes...pls noo...-_-
two adds? seriously??
Sir Patrick Stewart
Scarlet witch??????????
Venom 2 baby!!!!
I hope New Mutants has X23
I Don't Get It Black Widow Died In Endgame
give scarlet witch her own movie guys.. she'a really amazing.
Co ty pierdolisz za g?upoty ogó?em  bo w tytule jest 20-22 a gotg3 jest 23 KURWA CO TO MA BY?
C'mon Wesley Snipes is the only blade
Omg 1 at 15 seconds 2 like good vid
?? love itt
So basically Black Widow is gonna be the only movie coming within the next entire year.... lame
Did anyone else notice that the commentator gives Patrick Stewart's character name (Charles Xavier) instead?
All
Relly star wars 7 star wars 8 Star wars 9 marvel Relly black Wilo do gardins of the galixy 3
How bkack widow is dead in endgame
I wasn't that much of a fan of the captain marvel movie. Dunno why, just didn't like it that much.
only movies im really hyped for is blade and doctor strange
Once pandora's box is open, well..............
I dont want to sound rude, but contracts dont mean anything anymore.
Aaron Taylor Johnson had a 7 movie contract. I dont think i need to remind you what happened to him.
Blade????I'm waiting
He said black Panthers general  name wrong?
Back to the real world, does superhuman really exist? They just making fun and profit from your stupidity. Pity.
No more Captain Marvel movies
Female Thor is THORA. Thor is a male name, just like John and Andrew. Would you say female John ?
Most of these movies are two far out to even be thinking about right now.   Most of which do not excite me at all.
WTF??? No mention of Night Monkey at all.
Too bad disney will most likely make blade to be pg13. This was the only MCU movie I was looking forward to since I am starting to have MCU fatigue.
i think phrase4 thing is noob
I am hoping to see a movie about The Sentry and maybe a movie on Marvel Zombies.
MARVEL Francise net worth AT THE MOMENT is 22,562,284,318 BILION , not only 18 bilion.
1:43 The Eternals Cast
??? ????? ?? ??????? ????? ,??? ????? ??? ??????, ??? ????? ????
The Avengers 5 will be on 2023
Thor 4?
I mean no harm but the original blade was a great!! It’s what gave marvel the foundation lots of people don’t realize that make sure it’s a classic
I want Avatar 2
I thought black widow is dead
Marvel time is over after end game
What about captain America??
So is Holland in or out?  Last we heard, MCU kicked him out
If black window coming up then give a chance over iron man because both death then why only  black widows coming back what about iron man ???
Isn't Black Widow Dead
Just to point something out if your making content about the MCU make sure your aware of the actors and actresses names case in point Sir Patrick Stewart
Overdose of Spiderman, Fantastic Four and Wolverine movies. Please introduce new characters with new powers about whom we don't know much, rather than rehashing the same content over and over again.
Spider-Man isn't in the MCU anymore.
Marvel seems to have gone down the wrong path for some of these, and there are many other films that they should be making instead.
Yelena is comming.
I’m looking forward to none of these crap movies.  A bunch of guys in nude suits chasing shiny objects.   Who cares!   I’m a marvel comic collector, but I’m sick of these crap movies.   I guess I’m most positive that I won’t spend any money at the theater cause comic, Star Wars, cartoon remakes is what Disney is serving up.  Maybe in ten more years I can be forced to watch one dimensional, poorly written crap.  Omg! Portman as a female Thor?  Fuck me......please make her gay, too!
You?re welcome, and have a nice day
Jjm
Captain marvel was underwhelming
Oh for f sakes. Female thor. It will be a huge flop just like captain marvel again a woman in a man's character. This is such bullshit!
Huge pass on a captain marvel 2, first one was terrible. and another fantastic four movie???? my god, give up on that one marvel studios.
Can't wait for t.n.m.t. vs Power Rangers
Captain Marvel 2?! GOH, that movie STUNK, and I could see 2 more movies that will not get much support.. And lets watch how the reboots with woman fairs in the box office, trying to shove that down our throats is not working...
Did no one realize that the Disney-Sony partnership ended? This means Spider-Man will no longer be an MCU movie sadly.
Edit: His name is Patrick Stuart, not Charles Xavier. These are not the narrators fault, nor will I blame any of it on the writers either. This video was most likely in the works a while ago and got uploaded now. Maybe by then Spidey will be MCU again. Poggers
It would be a GIANT shame to NOT release a Fantastic 4 movie as part of Marvel's Phase 4
But honestly I’m a big comic fan but why does black widow have a movie if she’s gone?
I’d like to see fantastic 4 and the avengers team up.....with the original cast members ?
I love Thor 4
Captain Marvel needs a better story
No tony stark robbert no marvel movie
guardians is going to be expect love the first 2 hope the next one is going to be just as funny bu the one i want to see most is Doctor Strange been want ting to see what happens with him should be a really good one
One word WOW
Oh my all awesome
Black Panther 2
What's the music in the background?
More than likely, despite the movie's success, Marvel has opted to delay a Captain Marvel sequel to 2022 in order to determine whether Brie Larson can abstain from re-igniting the dumpster fire she became prior to the initial release of Captain Marvel. Smart move. It would also allow for a large enough window to simply replace her with another actress if this proves the case.
India Will Surpasse China !!!!!!!!!!!!
What about Air bending series
Problem is there is no good story lines or actors to o,ay all the main characters that brought them this far. It’s over and that’s ok...prepare for mediocrity....Shang chi...oh boy
I am so early
Shang-chi the Legend of Ten Rings But the mandarin is died in Iron Man 3
Confirmed Movies (Phase 4):
Black Widow (May 1st 2020)
Eternals (November 6th 2020)
Make more quality movie like Joker .
Can we at least have a hispanic superhero ??
Be shamed.. aviators what we waiting for..
spiderman is out of mcu
If there is going to be another Fantastic Four movie.....PLEASE DON'T LET HUMAN TORCH BE BLACK.  Come on.  its bad enough that Nick Fury , an icon and legend, is a "token" character black.  I can't enjoy, and neither will a lot of others...enjoy a black Human Torch.  Besides, we already saws Torch as a white girl chasing guy in the First FF movie.  Keep it close to the long running Marvel Comics book Canon.
Shang Chi will not be directed by an Asian director? Oh, the lack of representation! No Deadpool 3? How come the Spiderverse was not mentioned as Sony's project, only Venom?
Hi everyone
Someone Said There Looking For A Sexy Movie,That Guy Is Silly ??
space jam
Wait, didn't Sony take back Spiderman?
title - top 15 movies in 2020-2022
thats just impossible,even if 2020 had 4 movies instead of 2,it would still be 12 movies,so less than 15
Mcu has gone downhill
What about I Ron man
Supper
Well Spiderman is out of MCU
Lmao captain marvel didn't disappoint he says. Yea it sucked bad man
03:31:00 AM
Sorry I got pissed because I am from New Zealand and that’s where Taika Waititi is from so imma teach y’all Americans and others how to pronounce his name properly. Just read more.
Angelina Jolie!!!    omg!!  yay!!  (never watch her in anything...shes horrible.)    and that's my opinion.  That is all.
waiting i s very hard. i need a time machine  to visit 2025 to what happend after END GAME in MCU
But spidey is out of mcu
Who's here after black widow trailer came out
Guardians 3 isn’t May 6, 2022, Black Panther II is, idiot
you got it all wrong. most of the m-she-u is cringe worthy at best. filled with sjw politics, there is, at present, only a few characters left that are going to get a watch from me
Tom Holland aucks he is allways drunk.
Is Thor gonna be in guardians of the galaxy vol 3
When is a black female marvel movie is going to be done? Dam!!
BLADE ehh I guess.....
Actually dissapointed because of captain marvel 2, hoped she would never get another movie :(
I love Natalie Portman !
After many years, I think it's time to unsubscribe.
No Iron man???
Not sure how Spiderman is connected now that Sony and Disney have fallen out? I didn't think venom was part of marvel universe (again owned by Sony)? I enjoyed Cpt Marvel - it seemed to balance quirk and action well....Be interesting how marvel continues without iron man and past avengers as the new crop of heroes don't seem to have as much human connection and Robert Downey is going to be hard to replace??
Idk how black widow film will be cuz she died in endgame to get soul stone
Love!
Finally A.Jolie gettin a comic role! Bout time! I would Also cast A.jolie,/ Jamie Alexander for potential: nightside Comic
stan lee = dead
tony stark = dead
marvel movies = dead
15 movies aint coming
Maybe marvel will release:
Black Panther 2
Doctor Strange 2
AsGuardian of Galaxy vol 3
I love it
I love the narrator's voice
And iron man is dead or this is fake
Female Thor?   wth?    No go here.
Why isnt there a White Panther seeing as how theres a Black Spiderman a Black new Capt America A Black version on Jacobs Ladder (a classic by the way) and pretty soon, Id bet a Black Thor.....screw me!!! Think we went over board on the apologies to these SOBs. Why not a White Blade?????
There is room for tasteful nudity in Black Widow.
I really hope Black Widow is great and doesn't flop. I have been wanting this movie for years now and I am worried that they waited to long to make it.
Disney is making Marvel movies just like their other movies....all vagina power movies...they did it with the animated ...then Star wars...now Marvel....Come on Disney stop your Vagina movement
sorry to burst ur bubble. but spider woman was BEFORE spiderman.
Why they dont cast Charlotte Flair (from wwe ) as female Thor ..she looks like it .Natalie portman dosnt even look like a hero
U know who deserves his own movie.......phil coleson ....
Suicide Squad 2
Bakit walang Flash nasama..???
Waiting for black panther ?
market over saturation
Alas! No more avenger movie
No Hawk eye Captain America Iron Man Hulk Winter Soldier War Machine Falcon
Marvel>DC!! There's no arguing that!!
Keanu? ? why not Keanu?
I am looking for ETERNALS
Where is Morbius?
LOL 2:15 is NOT Simu Lu...
What about episode 9
So, no more Chris Hemsworth's Thor? They didn't even mention him in the upcoming Guardians of The Galaxy! 
Seems like my days of being a partial Marvel fan has come to an end. I was a fan only for Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Loki!
10:51:00 AM
Maisie Williams is lookin' pretty fine...
There is a new Xmen so how they gunna do Wolverine huh marvel
Captain Marvel 2 "much anticipated sequel?" Have you read anything fan have said? Seriously the best thing they could do with that movie is introduce Rogue...have her powers stolen and have her show struggle to humanize the role. Maybe introduce her struggle with alcoholism?
I missed Angelina-Jolie.
And captain marvel tooooo
Spider man is out though
Dear Hollywood, enough with the marvel movies already!
amazing
Captain Marv - ad
chi em nao chua co' nguoi` yeu thi xin dang ong troi` sky ghep' nguoi` yeu tinh yeu vinh cuu . cam nhan bang trai' tim giao hoa mat' 8 9 roi co' con.
chi em nao lay dung' chong thi duoc nhieu con trieu trieu ti ti dua' con angel tinh trung` ong troi sky ruoc va hoi sinh tren troi`. nhieu nhu cat' tren bien nhu sao tren troi` la vay.
9:34 this is not picture of Bek Smith but Micheal Shannon guys...
Captain marvel ?
MCU died with Iron man and Cap
black widow is dead u dummy
Please for the love of god dont pump brie larson's gross ego any bigger by giving her awful movie a sequel
Wish this franchise would just stop, its been going on for years now and just sick of it now?
Satanic actresses and actors who think they are some kind of God's,  that is why they think they know how to pick our leaders because they think they know more than main street america and we will never take there advice
WHY COULDN'T JACKIE CHAN PLAY THE ROLE OF SHANG-CHI?!?!?!??????!!?
I was hoping for a movie about Quake she is so underrated
So far, there are two of these movies that actually have me excited, "Black Widow" and "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness". Everything else I'm a bit concerned for, especially "Thor:Love and Thunder". Although I have yet to read any of the Jane Foster "Thor" stories, I have feeling this'll end up pushing a female political agenda ala "CW's Batwoman". As for the "Spider-Man" situation, it seems unclear rather "Marvel Studios" will still finish Tom Holland's Spider-Man story, since Sony had parted ways with Disney/Marvel, but I'd be open to seeing Spider-Man in "Venom 2" and maybe either the "Black Cat" or "Silver Sable" movies.
U can do without brie Larson
how is no one talking about venom and spider-man like cmon now
What's about Antman 3 ??
Captain Marvel was beyond HORRIBLE.
0:45 - It's incredible, how much better looking Scarlett Johannson was less than 10 years ago.
boring `DC have better movies coming
Hi
Keep in mind, that actor TOM HOLLAND has been publicly PUSHING the idea that Peter parker should come out as gay.
bree Larson is horrible set being captain marvel
the captain marvel movie was a lie it didnt even say how to actually got hero powers
It would be cool if they put the storm and black panther love story in the next film!! Storms character is awesome !!
Female Thor? I am done. Lets not warp traditional myths and legends to suit stupid agendas.
gag
I’m sure not many people will really want to see the second captain marvel due to it being a SJW flop
"SHaNG CHI" looks like its gonna SUCK SO Badly!!!!!
Wait hold up, The Externals why are females playing as some male External characters. Omg more sjw nonsense.
These movies will crash and burn at some point.Half of them will never be made.
Black Widow, Doctor Strange, Loki, Guardians are movies I will see. 
I am not interested in seeing Thor handed off to his ex. It was a bad comic it will be a bad movie.
Isn't Kit Harrington supposed to be in the eternals?
Nothing much to look forward to!!! black panther was awful and so was captain marvel! Don't want to see ANOTHER reboot of F4 good god. GOTG 3 will be awesome as will Eternal's.
Nooooooo we don’t want another captain marvel movie
I'm curious to know the truth about Spider-man. Is he still a part of Marvel or what? I've heard differently.
Natalie Portman Thor is a horrible idea.
Black Widow will flop I predict.  She is just so uninteresting a character
Eddie Brock's ex-wife? They weren't married...
18 billion dollars that ridiculous but yet there is still the homeless there is so many things that are broken that needs to be fix but people would rather pay money to make the rich richer that’s mind blowing to me
Black windows die
Everything about Captain Marvel is disappointing. You guys are ridiculous.
But black widow is dead
Michael dai thien than` khai huyen so 1. khong noi' sao may' chu' anh cung thay' may' dua con cua may' chu' anh roi do' . nho' thuong dang' ca coi vu tru va ong troi sky.
de co nhieu` dua' con thong minh . nhieu` chien' binh angel . dang va ong troi sky phu' quyen` nang va chi so' thong minh. Michael nua nguoi nua thien than`.
Black panther sucked
Why does mostly all the movies are males and not females
Im so sick of marvel and star wars. Seems like every week there's another movie or show coming out.
Female Thor grossly miscast.
I’m sorry but Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) did disappoint... It was lacking in so many levels that I’m not looking forward to a sequel. 
The animated Suicide Squad is better than the live action version.
I only came here to see if Under the Red Hood was on this list. I was happy. Then I saw that Killing Joke WASN'T on this list. Now I'm happier. Thanks WatchMojo...
Does anyone else want an Injustice movie as much as I do?
I'm a Marvel fan but even I gotta admit that these are amazing
Under the red hood is my number 1. Absolute master piece
Under The Red Hood, will always be my favorite.
Before watching this I bet Dark knight returns or Mask of The Phantasm is number 1
Nothing beats 90s Batman.
why dont u do 10 best animated marvel movies. oh wait they dont have any.
I can understand Mask of the Phantasm beating Under the Red Hood, BUT NUMBER 4! How could you put it as number 4!
So many Batman movies lol, honestly I know I'll prob get a lot of hate for this but Green Lantern: First Flight should of made this list I actually really enjoyed the movie.
I’m mad that Under the Red Hood was 4th, that was easily the best animated film out of all of these
Number 1 should've been the Red Hood or the Flashpoint Paradox....
Who here besides me knew Mask of the Phantasm would be number 1 on this list? I also like the DCAMU’s Teen Titans films, they made Starfire more attractive.
Superman/batman:public enemies. Superman/batman:apocalypse. Justice league war?????
Assault on Arkham? It should have been on the actual top 10s
This is the one time I think WatchMojo got a list right yes there are if you movies that probably should have been on here but overall I say a stellar job
"It's hard to imagine a world without Superman...."
I think Under the Red Hood is pretty good!
Under the Red hood is #1 for me. 
This is a guess before the vid:
The Dark Knight is number 1.
Incredibles over Logan ? WTF!
So chronicle kickass is better than Batman begins, spiderman 1,Blade,the dark knight rises,Thor 1 
I am a fan of looper but this ranking is bad
Heath Ledger will always be THE best Joker of all time. 
Change my mind.
Winter Soldier is below Black Panther? Seriously? It was good but it wasn't anywhere near TWS.
Logan under The Incredibles? What are you smoking?
The Dark Knight really deserves the #1 spot. Still a great performance from Heath Ledger "Why So Serious?
Ok winter soldier is way better than the other two
Its nearly impossible to beat the dark knight. I actually think it will stay as the best superhero movie of history
My top 3:
1. The Dark Knight
2. Spiderman 2
3. Logan
I like it.  but batman begins should be top 10 somewhere
No 1 Dark Knight I am making my prediction.
I clicked this vid just want to make sure that "the dark knight" is on #1 ?
There is no way incredibles is over Logan and Deadool lmao ??
Respect for that top 3. Spider-Man 2 to me is the greatest, but can’t argue with dark knight.
Guardians of the galaxy is too low.
Who else expected Dark Knight to be the number one best “superhero” film?
When i watched Avengers Endgame i thought its the best superhero movie.
Then a few days back i got to watch The Dark Knight again, no offence to any one bt its just unbeatable
I'm surprised The Dark knight rises isn't on the list. Nice compilation all the same
0:39 I legit thought you were gonna mention Ghost Rider next I was like "OH HELL NO" 
you just gotta admit it..Batman has a bunch of badass animated movies
DC may suck sometimes at live action films but it's animated films are amazing and blow away Marvel
I literally thought I was watching a, Top Ten DC Animated Films, video. Until the Incredibles showed up...
Flashpoint wasn't on this list and I'm honestly insulted
seriously? no flashpoint paradox?
Where the hell is Flashpoint
Under the red hood is the best
Why hasn't there been a Batman: Hush animated movie?!
Batman rules this list and DC
Mask of the Phantasm is deserving of the number 1 slot, but Dark Knight Returns really should be higher. Number one for me personally.   Both parts are incredible.
Flahpoint paradox... anyone?...
Batman is life...although Flashpoint Paradox should have been in this list. Also is it just me or was I the only one who wasn't into Superman/Batman:Apocalypse? I found Kara's character development lacking IMO
Go DC! Your live action movies are iffy, but you're animated movies are spot on!!
Now if only DC could apply this quality to their live action movies...
I wish DC's live action movies could be as good as it's animated movies.
Funny how Eight of the Ten on this list are DC Films. It just shows that while Marvel rules the silver screen, DC shines bright in the animated films. Also, glad Mask of the Phantasm was #1. That movie sealed The Joker as arguably my favorite villain of all time.
Megamind
batman assault on arkham isn't that bad
more like top ten Dc animated movies XD
Justice League: Flash-point Paradox, I though was beautiful. 
Remember when they said 2018 was gonna have 4 Gotham based movies leading up to THE BATMAN? Nightwing, Batgirl, Gotham City Sirens, and The Batman. After that lie I never believed anything they said. I believe it when I am sitting in the theater.
Definitely want to see Shazam, Wonder Woman, would love to see Deathstroke, how about an Azrael movie, Nightwing hit or miss, Deadshot sounds kewl, Id definitely like to see another Suicide Squad movie, 1 maybe around the character of Katana, Blue Beatle sounds interesting.
Plastic Man appears heavily in the Justice League: Action animated series.
How about we just finally get a film adaptation of Neil Gaiman's Sandman?
I want a good Nightwing movie, that's all I want from this universe, I really dont care about the rest. Since the comics have refused to give us some decent Nightwing stuff for at least 5 years now. Every batman or titans related movie that comes out before Nightwing I consider to be a slap in the face XD
I'm just going to wait until I see a trailer.
Most of these movies are stuck in development hell though
I wonder, are any of these going to be animated movies?
What a good video
Superhero fatigue has already set in as far as I'm concerned. We do need a little break.  And people are so critical immediatly anyway. I sure don't need a Lobo film. But development is one thing, reality is another. I thought Mark Strong was a good Sinestro but I don't see him as Sivana. Looking forward to Shazam,(the real Captain Marvel!). Maybe DC looked at the X-men movies and thought "yeah, that's the type of continuity we want! " And I'm not a fan of movies where the villains are the main characters. 
